###Administration + User Management###

#Update My Billing Information and Subscription

https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=52
All Admins can update the billing information on their account. 
Navigate to Manage Subscription under the Administration tab. 
Under Manage Billing, select Update Billing Information.
On this page you can view past statements, update your payment information, and manage invoice recipients. 
For any other questions regarding your subscription, you can contact your Align Advisor at (888) 315-4049 or Advisor@aligntoday.com



#How Do I Get My Invoice?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=53
As an admin in your company's account, you can manage the recipients of your invoice and download a pdf of each month's statement. 
To Manage the Recipients:
Go to the Manage Subscription page, under Administration. 
Under Manage Billing select Edit Invoice Recipients to open a dialog that allows you to select to whom the invoices are sent. 
To download a pdf of each month's statement:

Go to the Manage Subscription page, under Administration.
Under Billing History, download a PDF of your statement by clicking on the arrow on the right, inline with the desired invoice.



#Cancel Your Account
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=57
If you are thinking about canceling your account, you can request to cancel through your Manage Subscriptions page under the Administration tab to start the process.  
Please note the following:
Given the sensitive nature of the information in your account, we are not able to cancelled until you have filled out the short survey and spoken to an Advisor. 
The person who fills out the survey and participates in the cancel call must be the primary decision maker on the account and an Admin in the account. 
One of our core values is to "actively solve problems", please share your reasons for cancelling your subscription! 
What happens after I cancel?
You and your team will have access to the software for the remainder of your paid contract. As stated in the software terms and conditions, we do not issue refunds. 
Please remember, if you do wish to restart your subscription at a later time, your pricing will reflect the list price at the time of re-joining. 



#Difference Between an Administrator and a User
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=59
In your account, you can have 3 user types - Administrators, Users (non-Administrators) and Viewers .
Administrators: All administrators will have access to all features in the Administration tab as well as the ability to update the One Page Strategic Plan, any users KPIs and the Critical Numbers, as well as view all of the One Page Tools. A list of their privileges include:
Edit the One Page Strategic Plan
Update Critical Numbers
Add and Remove Users
Manage Users
Update KPIs for Other Users
Add New KPIs to Align
Update Align Settings
Update Company Settings
Manage Huddle Groups
Manage the KPI Listings
Track Billing History
Update the Company Dashboard
Administer polls to the group & view the results
Send out Announcements 
To make someone an Administrator, the person who invites them to the account can choose admin when entering their information or go to the "Manage Users" menu under the "Administration" tab to change user access levels.
Users: Overall, the user level is blocked from billing/user management functions as well as some higher level strategy and management of huddles. 
Users do not see the administration tab, therefore they cannot add or remove users, manage huddles, or update email settings and the account subscription. Users do have access to 
Update and create Priorities, Top Priority, Stucks, and Tasks
Update the Huddles for which they belong
View but not edit the One Page Strategic Plan, Alignment Checklist, 4D vision summary, and Company Dashboard. 
To Make a User an Administrator: This is an admin only function; only admins can add other users as admins. To do so, navigate to manage users page under the administration tab at the top of your screen. Once you're here, find the user in question, and select the checkbox next to their name under the admin column. You're all set!
Viewers: A Viewer has read-only access to certain areas of the platform. Viewers can access the Company Dashboard and all other left-hand navigation features. 
Viewers have visibility into the first three items in the Strategy menu (OPSP, Alignment Checklist and 4D Vision Summary) just as non-Administrators do, as well as the Reports tab. 
Viewers do not have a My Dashboard because you cannot assign or action anything for a Viewer to own and they cannot make any edits or create anything within the platform. Viewers are not automatically included in your monthly eNPS Surveys, however, they can be added as part of the eNPS for full team add-on.
Viewers can be upgraded to Full Users at any point in time. As an Admin, you will want to navigate to the Manage Users page and remove the Viewer from the account. 
You will receive prorated credit for removing the Viewer and you can invite them as a User back into the account to have the full set of features and functionality.



#How Do I Add or Remove Users?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=159
As an admin in your company, you can add users at any time.
To add a new user you have multiple options.  
Option 1: Navigate to the Manage Users page under the Administration tab. Click the "Invite Users" button at the top of the page. Enter the new users email address and check the box if you want them to be an administrator on the account.
If you add users during an active subscription, you will be charged the prorated amount for that user. 
Option 2: Click the '+' Action Button in the top navigation and find "invite Users" in the dropdown. 
Option 3: In any area where an owner can be assigned, you can also invite users from that dropdown menu.
If you need additional help with your subscription, please call (888) 315-4049 or email us at advisor@aligntoday.com. 
As an admin in your company, you can add users at any time.
To add a new user you have multiple options.  
Option 1: Navigate to the Manage Users page under the Administration tab. Click the "Invite Users" button at the top of the page. Enter the new users email address and check the box if you want them to be an administrator on the account.
If you add users during an active subscription, you will be charged the prorated amount for that user. 
Option 2: Click the '+' Action Button in the top navigation and find "invite Users" in the dropdown. 
Option 3: In any area where an owner can be assigned, you can also invite users from that dropdown menu.
If you need additional help with your subscription, please call (888) 315-4049 or email us at advisor@aligntoday.com. 



#How Do I Purchase a Subscription?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=160
We want to get to know you!
To subscribe, discuss investment options and create your onboarding and training plan, please contact an Advisor at (888) 315-4049 or advisor@aligntoday.com.



#Resources for users needing foreign language support
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=197
Closed Captioning and Language Support
Align’s Youtube content is currently only available in English however there are closed captioning options that will translate into other languages as needed. 
The Align Youtube channel is full of videos to cover the basics of getting up to speed with Align. 
To access them:
Go to Align's YouTube channel
Navigate to the video you want to watch
Click the CC icon in the bottom right corner to turn on Subtitles/closed captions
Go to Settings
Click on 'Subtitles/CC
Click on 'Auto-translate
Choose your language from the list



#Identify your Align Champion or Decision Maker
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=230
Are you the Decision Maker or Champion?
To add the Decision Maker or Champion role, navigate to your User Profile page in the top right.
Click the "settings" gear on the left and look for the checkboxes for Align Champion or Decision maker in the User Roles section.
Looking to add the role for someone else?
As an Admin user, you can search users at the top of the profile page.   Find the appropriate user and click settings under their image then check off the appropriate roles. 
What is a Champion and How many can I have? 
You can designate as many Champions as you want!  The Champion is the person who is helping to make the software and best practices alive in the organization.  This person is a leader in the company either in responsibility or personality!  Your Champion(s) help explain the "why" and help the team get the most out of your software. 
What is a Decision Maker and How many can I have?
Typically there is 1 Decision Maker.  This person is the one who owns major decisions for the account and will likely sign off on bigger purchases (training, upgrades etc).  This person is typically the initial buyer and will be the first point of contact for renewals and relationship checkins.



#Multifactor Authentication

https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=234
What is multifactor authentication (MFA)?
Multifactor authentication (MFA) adds a layer of protection to Align’s sign-in process. MFA requires the user to provide two or more verification factors to access an application or online account. Instead of only asking for a username and password, MFA requires a verification code sent to your email address. Both factors are needed to access the application. This added layer of protection decreases the likelihood of unauthorized access.
Why use MFA?
Use MFA for more robust cybersecurity that minimizes the possibility of unauthorized access. Unfortunately, even the most robust passwords aren’t enough and make users vulnerable to cyber attacks such as phishing, keyloggers, and brute force attacks. When you rely on one verification factor, hackers can steal these passwords and hack into an enterprise system.
What verification methods are available in Align?
MFA in Align offers Email with a Verification Code, valid for 15 minutes, as the second factor. Users must provide the Verification Code after successfully entering their email and password. 
How to enable MFA for my company or users?
To enable MFA, go to the Administration tab and then Company Settings where you will see a dropdown menu to select the MFA options you’d like for your company. 
Below are the settings to consider:
Optional
When this setting is available, turning this on will allow Users in the Company to turn on multifactor authentication for their User account under their User Profile Settings.
Required
This will require that all Users of the Company will be required to provide a second factor to access the application. This is true when the User is linked to multiple Companies whether or not the other Companies required Multifactor Authentication.
Not Set
This indicates that the Company has made no determination about Multifactor Authentication. It is neither required nor optional for its Users. 
How do I enroll in MFA as a user?
Once an administrator has enabled MFA for Align, you will either be automatically enrolled if MFA is mandatory for your company, or you will be able to enroll yourself through the User Profile Settings.
Here’s how to do it and what to expect:
Click your User Profile icon in the top right corner of Align and click Profile from the dropdown menu.
Under your Profile Image, click Settings.
Inside the Settings drawer, you will see a new section for Multifactor Authentication.
Click the checkbox for Require a second factor during login, and Align will enforce MFA the next time you log in. You can only change this setting when your Company or Companies require MFA. If MFA is required, you will not be able to update this setting.
After successfully entering your email and password, you must provide a second factor. The second factor is a Verification Code sent to your email, valid for 15 minutes. After submitting the correct Verification Code, you’re in the app and ready to complete your work.



#Deleting a User
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=246
Delete a user in Align by following these simple steps!
Navigate to the administration tab.
Select Manage Users.
Click the trash can icon next to the user you would like to delete. Remember, there could be multiple pages of users! You can always search for that person in the "search users" bar. 
This action cannot be undone!
Please make sure that you have reassigned any priorities, tasks or critical numbers under that persons name before you have clicked remove.
What happens to the users information:
When you remove a user from Align, their huddle updates, tasks, and any notes or comments will be permanently deleted. If the user was the owner of a priority, initiative, quarterly target, or huddle group, those items will remain in the system unassigned.
NOTE: If you remove users during an active subscription, your account will be credited for the remaining value of the user. That credit will be applied to any purchase made during your current billing period. The credit will expire at the end of your current billing period.



#How to change the email associated with a user's Align account.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=249
To change the email for a user, simply follow the steps below:
1. Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
2. Click your profile circle in the top right hand corner.
3. Select "profile" from the dropdown menu.
4. Click the pencil icon next to your name.
5. Edit and save your new email. 



#Remove AI Access for my Company
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=300
Our integration with AI enhances your platform's efficiency and personalization while ensuring your data remains secure.
We understand that AI isn't for everyone, so you can easily opt-out via your company settings.
As an Admin user:
Navigate to your Company Settings via the Administration drop down
Scroll to Other Preferences and Settings
Uncheck "Enable AI Features"
Please note: This will turn off AI enhancements for the entire company, not just a single user.



#Clearing cache and cookies from syncing challenges
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=318
If using Chrome, the process would be to click on “Chrome” in the top left of the screen and select “Preferences.” From this tab, go to “Privacy and security”, click “Clear Browsing data”, and make sure Cookies and Cached images and files are selected, then hit “clear data.”
If using Safari, Click on the “Safari” drop-down menu and select “Preferences.” Click the “Advanced” tab. Select the “Show Develop menu in menu bar” checkbox and close the Preferences window. Select the “Develop” drop-down menu from the top of the screen and click “Empty Cache.”



###AI###
#AI Advisor Data Guidelines
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=348
The AI Advisor uses the data from your Align account to provide suggestions. 
1.  Your Align data may not reflect changes made in the last 24 hours. The coach syncs data periodically, so very recent updates in Align may take up to 24 hours to appear.
2. The AI Advisor is powered by AI and can occasionally make mistakes. Please use your own judgment alongside the coach’s suggestions.
3. The AI Advisor uses your Align execution data to personalize its responses. Only data you have access to in Align is visible to the coach.



#Accessing the AI Advisor
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=349
When you are signed into your Align account, you will see the AI Advisor in the bottom-left corner of your account. 
Click the AI Advisor icon within the Align application. You will be automatically logged in and your Company is pre-selected. 
You can also access the coach directly at advisor.aligntoday.com. Log in with your align email and reset the password. 



#Setting up and using the AI Advisor
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=350
When you use the AI Advisor for the first time, the advisor will ask a few questions about your role and preferences to personalize your experience. This only takes a minute.
When you return to the advisor, you may see a Session Recap card showing a summary of your previous session. This helps you pick up where you left off.
Once your session is ready, the recap card disappears automatically. You can view the recap again anytime by clicking the Recap button.
Sending Messages
Type your message in the input area at the bottom and press Enter or click the send button. The coach will respond with personalized advice based on your Align data.
Conversations
Your conversation history is available in the left sidebar, organized by date. You can:
View past conversations — click any conversation to reload it
Start a new conversation — click “Create new conversation” at the top
Rename or delete — click the three-dot menu (...) next to any conversation
Your Profile
Click the profile icon in the top-right corner to update your display name, role, and coaching preferences.
Providing Feedback
If the coach’s response wasn’t helpful, click the thumbs down button on that response to share feedback. This helps improve the coaching experience.



#Helpful FAQs on the AI Advisor
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=351
Q: The advisor is loading slowly. Why?
A: On your first visit or after a gap, the advisor prepares your personalized context by gathering your Align data. You’ll see a progress indicator — this usually takes just a few moments.
Q: My latest Align data is not showing up.
A: Data syncs periodically and may be up to 24 hours behind. Changes you made recently in Align will appear in the advisor within 24 hours.
Q: I can’t see certain metrics or data.
A: The advisor respects your Align permissions. You will only see metrics and data that you have access to in Align.
Q: I don’t see the company dropdown.
A: Company switching is only available when using the advisor directly at advisor.aligntoday.com. When accessing from Align, your company is selected automatically.
Q: The advisor gave incorrect information.
A: The advisor is AI-powered and can make mistakes. Use the thumbs down button to provide feedback. Always verify critical business decisions independently.
Q: My session expired.
A: Sessions are automatically maintained in the background. If your session does expire, simply refresh the page or log in again to continue.



###Align Academy###
Align is more than just a software, it is a change in the way that your business works. That is why we are here to help you along the way.
The Align Academy includes many resources you may find helpful as you roll out the software and new good business habits.  Each section includes downloadable guides, blog posts, videos, email templates and more.  Get familiar with the resources available and as you run into challenges, remember, we’ve probably helped clients through that before!
Bookmark the Align Academy!  We're always adding new resources. 
You can also check out the Align YouTube channel, our Align Blog, and the past and upcoming webinars!
here is the link : https://aligntoday.com/align-academy/welcome/



###Coach###
#How Much Does it Cost to Add Coaches? Nothing!
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=158
Add your coach to your account for free! No licensing required. 
To add your coach:
Navigate to the Manage Users page under the Administration Tab (ADMINs ONLY)
Click "Update Coach" to add your coach.  Only those coaches who have been verified can be added. 
Follow the prompts to update your coach!

To invite coaching staff:
Navigate to the Manage Users page under the Administration Tab (ADMINs ONLY)
Click "Invite Coaching Staff" to add the team.  Only those who are part of the main coach's Align Coach Company can be added. 
Follow the prompts to update.



#Upload and Edit your Coach Resources tab
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=326
The Coach Resources page allows you to add files and links for your coaching practice and your clients. 
In your Coach menu on the top navigation, you will find the Resources tab to upload or edit resources to share with your coaching staff and your clients. You can upload a file from your computer and a link to an online resource.
You have three options when creating and editing your Coach Resources. All Coach resources will automatically be included and saved in your Coach account. 
Unassigned - You can create the resource just for your Coach account and coaching staff. 
Client - You can provide an individual client with access to the specific resource. 
Global - You can make the resource universally available to all coached clients 



#Schedule a Meeting with your Coach
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=327
The Coach Schedule Meeting functionality allows you to add a meeting link or email for your clients to book with you.
From your Coach account, you may add a virtual meeting link or email to make it easier for your clients to connect with you. 
In the Coach menu in the top navigation of your Coach account, you may add your calendar link and description directly from the Add Calendar Link section and make it Active if you would like to share this with your client directly in your client account.
Additionally, there is a Coaching Staff section that you may add specifically for members of your coaching organization, which will allow for meetings to be booked with them directly in your client account as well.



#How Do I Add a Coach?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=56
If you are working with a coach and are an admin in your company account, you can invite that coach to your account.
To add your coach:
Navigate to the Manage Users page under the Administration Tab (ADMINs ONLY)
Click "Update Coach" to add your coach. Only those coaches who have been verified can be added.
Follow the prompts to update your coach!
To invite coaching staff:
Navigate to the Manage Users page under the Administration Tab (ADMINs ONLY)
Click "Invite Coaching Staff" to add the team.  Only those who are part of the main coach's Align Coach Company can be added. 
Follow the prompts to update.



#How to claim your PayPal commissions
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=153
If you received an email from PayPal asking you to claim your commission from Align but do not see any payment when you log into PayPal, please try the following:
1. Make sure that you have a PayPal with an email address that matches the email address you use in Align.  If the email address that you use for PayPal is not the same as your email address that you use to log in to Align, you can specify your PayPal email address on your Profile, if you are a registered Coach in Align.  Go to your Profile, select Settings and enter your PayPal email address in the PayPal Email field.  If your Align email address is the correct email for PayPal, you can either enter the same email address or leave it blank.
2. Make sure you have verified your email with PayPal.  



###Critical Numbers###
#Export your Critical Numbers Historical Data
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=354
Export your Critical Numbers Historical Data from a Dashboard or a Huddle.  
On a Dashboard or in a Huddle, you can use the Export icon to the right of the Critical Numbers section to download the historical data of your Critical Numbers.



#Time Based Progress Measurement
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=298
Time Based Critical Numbers Are best used when you expect steady progress towards your goal for the end of the period. 
The red, yellow, and green indicators will dynamically update every single day based on your target and where you would need to be on the current date in order to be on track to hit your target.
The green value is where you need to be on that date in order to be on track to hit your end of period target. 
The yellow value is up to 10% behind pace in order to hit your end of period target.
The red value is if you are further than 10% behind the pace needed to hit your end of period target.  
The progress will be measured by the start and finish value, compared to the amount of time left in the period, much like we do with number driven quarterly priorities.
Some common examples of time based critical numbers are new leads, number of referrals, and revenue this quarter.



#Custom Based Progress Measurement
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=299
Custom Target Critical Numbers are best used when the critical number target you are looking to achieve or maintain needs to remain within a certain threshold.
This is because the red, yellow, green, and super green target status indicators will remain stagnate over the course of your time period.
These types of critical numbers are often rates, percentages or margins.



###Culture###
#How do I clone an existing survey?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=291
Do you have a survey that you want to send out again?  Maybe you're using the Alignment Company Survey that is in Draft status in your current account?  
Cloning a survey is easy!
Cloning a CLOSED or COMPLETED survey
Navigate to the survey results page by clicking the pie chart icon to the right of the survey list in the Manage Surveys page. 
At the top of the results, you'll see a button to "clone" the survey.  Click that button for a fresh start with all of the same questions!
Update your survey settings and press Save.
Cloning a DRAFT survey
Navigate to the survey page by clicking the "edit" link to the right of the survey list in the Manage Surveys page. 
At the bottom of the page, you'll see a button to "clone" the survey.  Click that button for a fresh start with all of the same questions!
Update your survey settings and press Save
Please Note: Culture Tools (like surveys) are Admin Only features. If you do not see the Culture menu, ask an Admin at your company for help!



#The Alignment Company Survey is a great quarterly checkup to see where you should focus for the upcoming quarter or year. The questions in the survey are directly from the 10 Rockefeller Habits Checklist.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=292
The Alignment Company Survey is a great quarterly checkup to see where you should focus for the upcoming quarter or year. The questions in the survey are directly from the 10 Rockefeller Habits Checklist. 
Survey Settings
Send to all users - We've seen this used in 2 ways - either leave this setting as is to send to everyone in your account OR uncheck and select specific users (probably those in leadership). 
Anonymous - The survey is set to be anonymous, we recommend keeping it that way to encourage honest responses.  You can always resend the survey to encourage responses from those that have not yet answered!
Close Survey - No date is currently set.  We do recommend giving a specific time frame to create the urgency and give you the information you need to proceed with analysis.
Set Automatic Email Reminders: None are set right now, but we recommend giving people a nudge at 24 hours and the day before closing. 
Email Subject and Message: Customizable fields that will be used when you send the survey.  We have pre-populated suggested text, but please feel free to customize! The survey is delivered via the polling@aligntoday.com email and will include the following text. 
Survey Request
Hello <FirstName>,
<Company Name> wants you to participate in a survey.
<link> Click here to provide your response.
<YOUR MESSAGE HERE>
Thanks,
<Company Name>
Survey Questions: The survey is pre-populated with the Rockefeller Habits Checklist.  You can always add additional questions or update with additional clarification or details. 
Interpret the Results
Once your survey is closed, find your highest and lowest scores.  These scores will guide you with areas you should celebrate and challenges to focus on more. For help with interpreting the results and defining the path for focus, please check out this page in the Align Academy!



#Determine who you want to get your survey and how!
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=293
Surveys recipients are determined with 2 controls in the surveys tab. 
Send to all users
By default, the survey is checked off to "Send to all users".   This will send to every user in the your account. This does not include users in the "eNPS for the Whole Team" program. 
To choose specific recipients, uncheck "Send to all users" and begin typing names in the Survey Recipients field. 
Make Responses to the survey anonymous
By default, surveys are set to make them anonymous.  You will be able to see who the survey recipients were, but not who answered which question. 
Please Note: Culture Tools (like surveys) are Admin Only features. If you do not see the Culture menu, ask an Admin at your company for help!



#How Anonymous is eNPS really?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=314
How anonymous is eNPS? 
The short answer - totally anonymous! 
The long answer...
eNPS Survey Comments and Responses are anonymous within the Company.  eNPS Survey Comments are tracked using Company Suggestions and Responses.  Company Suggestions are also anonymous to the Company.  Align stores information in its database to connect the Responses to the Align User but that connecting information is never shared within the Company.  It’s never exposed to the user interface and not exposed through the web services. This is true for all Align Users, including Align’s Customer Success team. Only the unique ID, company ID, Poll ID, Comment/Suggestion, Creation Date are available to the Company for the Company Suggestions and eNPS Comments. The only people that could access the information linking an eNPS Comment or Company Suggestion to a person are Align’s database administrators.



#In-App Statistics - Add eNPS and 7 Day login metrics as measurements for Priorities, Critical Numbers, Quarterly Actions, or KPI Cards
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=341
In-App Statistics - Add eNPS and 7 Day login metrics as measurements for Priorities, Critical Numbers, Quarterly Actions, or KPI Cards
To use In-App Statistics,
Sstart with creating a metric for the data.  You can create a metric from any of the components above!  
On the Metric creation page, choose Align/Scoreboard/FOCS Statistics from the "Value Source"
Select the statistic you wish to use (7 Day Login, eNPS response count, eNPS Score)
Press Save!
These stats will automatically update just like any other integrated metrics. Now you can automatically track your login rate or eNPS score over time - how do the changes in these statistics correlate with changes you see in your company's goal tracking and improvement? 



#Create an Announcement
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=125
Use an Announcement to send messages to all users in your account. 
These messages will be viewable from the bell icon on the top of the screen. Users will see a snapshot of the announcement and then they can click "Read More" to see the entire announcement.
To create an announcement do the following:
Click on Manage Announcements under the Administration Menu
Click Add New Announcement
Enter in your announcement title and content
Choose whether or not to email the announcement out
Click Save Announcement
All users in your company can now view the announcement you just created
Note: Announcement creation is an Admin only function.



#What are surveys and how can I use them?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=134
Surveys are a great way to get the pulse of your team - everything from pizza toppings for an upcoming lunch n learn to how are your core values resonating with the team!
Add New survey
View Previously sent surveys
View ResultsResend surveys
To create a new survey: 
Select ‘Surveys’ from the Culture drop down menu on the top navigation toolbar.
Select '+Add New Survey' From this area, you will be able to
Add a survey name
Determine the recipients
Schedule the delivery date
Set the Survey Closure and Auto Reminders
Create an email subject and email message that will be send out to your team
To add questions to this poll, select the '+Add New Question' button at the bottom of the screen.
You may now add Multiple Choice, Open Ended, Yes/No, or 1-10 questions.
Once completed, select Save.
This will save the survey as a draft. If you wish to send it now, click the "Send Survey Now" button.
View the results
Administrators have the ability to view the results of the surveys that have been sent to their team.
Select ‘Surveys’ from the Culture drop down menu on the top navigation toolbar.
Find the name of the survey you want to see the results for, and click on the pie chart icon.
From that page, you can Delete, Clone or Print the Survey responses.
In the Survey Details section, you will see the following:
Survey Name
By whom the survey was created
The Created and Sent dates
The number of recipients compared to the number of responses
To whom the survey was sent
The Email Subject and message the users received
The responses to each question will then be displayed below in either the form of a text box, or a bar graph.
Add the results to your Company Dashboard
Administrators can display the results of specific survey questions on the Company Dashboard.
Select Company Dashboard from the left side navigation toolbar.
Select Edit  at the top of the screen.
From the Select a Component drop down menu, select survey Question
Rearrange the order of the dashboard if need be, and then click Done and Close. 
From the Company Dashboard, you can select the question you would like displayed.



#Company Suggestions: Submit a Suggestion For My Company
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=146
The Suggestions for My Company page allows you to anonymously submit suggestions to either all administrators, or the designated administrator(s) set by your organization. Any responses to your suggestion will be sent to you via email, and also accessible in the Suggestions section.
To submit an anonymous suggestion, please follow the steps listed below:
Select Suggestions from the left side navigation toolbar.
Click the Create Suggestion button, which is located in the top right corner.
In the text box, type in your anonymous suggestion.
Once you are done, press Submit. If you do not want to submit the suggestion, click Cancel.
Note* You will be notified via email when/if an administrator responds.
Responding to an Administrator's comment
After an administrator responds to one of your company suggestions, you will receive an email notifying you of the response. From that email, you will be able to view your original suggestion, and the company admins response. You also have the ability to submit an additional response to the company admin from the email.
You can also view or submit an additional response on your initial company suggestion from within Align.
Select Suggestions from the left side navigation toolbar.
In the My Feedback section, you will be able to see a list of all of the Company Suggestions you have submitted.
Click on the arrow button ‘^’, which is located to the left of your suggestion to see any responses that have been submitted.
Suggestions from the company admin will say ‘Admin’ in the “from” column.
To respond to a company admin’s comment, click on the note pad, which is located to the right of the original suggestion.
Responding to a suggestion as an Administrator
When a team member submits a Company Suggestion, the administrator(s) will receive an email notifying them a suggestion has been submitted. From that email, you will be able to view the original suggestion, and any additional responses that have been submitted. You also have the ability to submit a response from the email.
All responses will be anonymous and simply displayed as ‘Admin’ in the ‘from’ column.
You can also view or submit a response on to each company suggestion from within Align.
Select Suggestions from the left side navigation toolbar. 
In the Company Feedback section, you will be able to see a list of all of the Company Suggestions that have been submitted by your team.
To respond to a Company Suggestion, click on the note pad, which is located to the right of the submitted suggestion.
To send response to the user, select ‘Send Response’.
If there are multiple administrators who can respond to Company Suggestions, you can communicate directly with them by selecting ‘Send to Admin’ 
Click on the arrow button ‘^’, which is located to the left of the suggestion to see any/all communication that has gone back and forward between the company admin and the user, or the company admins. 
Suggestions from the company admin will say ‘Admin’ in the “from” column. Suggestions from the user will say ‘User’ in the ‘from’ column.



#eNPS Overview - Employee Net Promoter Score
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=151
If you don't know how your employees are doing, you can't do anything about it!  eNPS is your 'Employee Net Promoter Score'. This single question, asked of all employees at least once per month on a consistent basis, gives you insight into your culture that will drive changes to your business.
Align’s eNPS feature allows you to ask your employees a variety of questions, rated on a 1-10 scale, that focus on the same main theme: “How likely are your employees to refer your company as a place of employment to a friend or associate”. Align captures the results and categorizes each employee as a company “detractor” (0-6), “passive” (7-8) or “promoter” (9-10).
Who Gets the Survey?
All levels of Align subscriptions have access to rhe eNPS survey. After activating your account, the eNPS survey is sent to all users in your Align account on the 1st of the next month. You will receive a notifcation reminder in the software that an eNPS survey will be sent to you team a few days prior to the eNPS survey being emailed to the team.  However, if you're not at a point yet where your entire team is on the software, you're not getting the full benefits of the survey.
Want people not on the software to participate?
Ask your advisor - advisor@aligntoday.com - about the eNPS for the whole team add-on.  This add-on turns on eNPS for your current users + a list that you upload.
How do I change the frequency or the question?
By default, eNPS polls are sent to all company users on the 1st of every month. If you want to change your poll question or the frequency that polls are sent to your employees,
As an Admin User, you will:
Navigate to the eNPS page under the Culture tab.
Click Manage eNPS at the top of the page.
On this page you can
update the question
update the recipients (if you have the add-on) and
manage the schedule
Set a closure date of the survey
Update the reminder
Create the Message details for the email sent to end users



###Dashboard###
#Manage Persons of Interest
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=108
The Persons of Interest section allows you to view the progress of other people in your company. It will show their picture, name, title, email, phone number, social media accounts, and how they're progressing with their priorities. It also includes a link to their profile if you would like to see more information.
To add a Person of Interest, first make sure to add the person of interest section to your dashboard. Then click on Add Person of Interest. A dialog will appear allowing you to start typing in another user's name. As you start typing, results will appear and you can click on the individual you want to add. Note that you must select a person from the results to add them, you cannot just type in their name without selecting them.
To remove a Person of Interest click on Edit Persons of Interest, shaped like an pencil, in the top right corner of the section. A dialog will appear showing all Persons of Interest that you have added. Click on the trashcan next to their name to remove them.



#Add the Foundation sections of your OPSP to your Company Dashboard
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=337
As an Administrator on the Company Dashboard, you can use the pencil edit icon at the top of the Dashboard to add the One Page Plan - Foundation section to your Company Dashboard.
You can add or remove the foundation sections you want to display using the settings icon on the right-hand side of the One Page Plan Foundation component. 



#How do I display my Company Dashboard for all of my employees?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=313
Displaying your Company Dashboard is a great way to remind every member of your team about the strategic priorities for this quarter. To display your dashboard:
1. Navigate to the Company Dashboard
2. Click the Full Display button.
3. The dashboard display will pop open in a new tab. 
NOTE: We highly recommend using a "viewer" user to display this content so that you do not take a full license for display purposes only 



#Click Edit, then drag and drop!
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=305
To re-arrange your dashboard (My or Company), click the edit option next to the Dashboard title at the top of the dashboard. 
From the Edit Dashboard drawer you can add a new section or drag and drop sections to re-arrange.



#How to Add and Edit KPI Components and Cards in the My and Company Dashboards and in Huddles
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=229
Add a KPI Dashboard to the My and Company Dashboard
Select the Edit button next to the Dashboard Header
Drop down the Add a Component selector and click on KPIs
You can drag and drop the KPI component and rename in the Edit Drawer. Once this is completed, hit Save
Select the Add KPIs option or the pencil icon in the Upper right of the component to add specific KPI Cards
You can add Critical Numbers, Priorities, Metrics, and Quarterly Actions from the One Page Strategic Plan that you have viewing access to to populate your new KPI Dashboard
Add a KPI Dashboard to your Huddles
Go into the huddle settings
Scroll down to Team Configuration Section Order, just below the Agenda section
Select the Grey "+" icon, and choose Add KPI Section
Give your KPI Dashboard a name, move it in the Section Order where you want it to appear in the order, and hit save
Select the Add KPIs option to add cards to the new Dashboard. Once you have added some cards, you can add or edit cards with the pencil icon in the Upper right of the component
You can add Critical Numbers, Priorities, Metrics, and Quarterly Actions from the One Page Strategic Plan that you have viewing access to to populate your new KPI Dashboard



#Add extra critical numbers through teams
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=188
Make sure the team you would like to use for your new critical numbers set is already an existing huddle group. 
Click the critical numbers drop down → Select manage teams
Press “create” next to the huddle group(s) you would like critical numbers for. Press the check mark “private to team” if you would like only this specific group to be able to see the new critical numbers. Save.
Click on the critical numbers drop down again, select the new huddle group name 
Add a new critical number



#How to change your Date/Time Format in Align to coincide with your location.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=261
Date and Time preferences in Align are pulled from your browser settings. If you’re using Google Chrome, the process to make this change is as follows:
Go to your Google Chrome homepage - Click on the 3 little dots in the top right corner - Go to "Settings"
Go to Advanced Settings, click on Languages
Click into this dropdown menu and make sure “English (United Kingdom)” is the top preferred option. You can change the language options from English here. 
For Safari, go to “System Preferences” on your computer
Click on the “Date & Time” option.
From this page make sure you have the correct “Time Zone” selected.
Additionally, open your Language & Region preferences in this screen to make sure your Region is set and your Preferred Language is correct. This should ensure that your preferred date format is being displayed across the software.
Refresh your Align page. Your Align page's date/time format will be adjusted.



#Where do I update my information all in one place?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=233
"My Dashboard" is the central, customizable place for you to view and UPDATE your most important daily items right when you login.  
Click the edit button and select the features that are most important to you. 
1 central location to:
Update Critical Numbers
Track Personal and Team KPIs
Update my Huddles
Check Off Completed Tasks
Update Priorities



###Data Tables###
#Introduction to Data Tables
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=328
Data Tables are a Dashboards menu component that allow you to visualize and track your Metrics and Metrics with Targets over different time periods.



#Add to or Edit a Data Table
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=329
You can add Metrics and Metrics with Targets to your data table by selecting the Add Metrics option.
If you already have Metrics and/or Metrics with Targets added to your Data Table, you can add or edit these by selecting the pencil icon to the right of the Group you want to edit. This will show you the numbers already in your group that you can remove and the numbers available that you can add to your group 



#What can I add to my Data Table?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=330
Currently, only Metrics and Metrics with Targets are available to be added to your Data Table
Critical Numbers, Quarterly Targets, and Priorities will be added to the list of available numbers soon! 



#Available Time Periods in Data Tables
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=331
There are default five time periods built into the Data Tables functionality.
Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Period and Annual. 
You Period timeframe reflects the timeframe you have set in your OPSP that also displays on your Company Dashboard and Priorities pages.
All time periods are customizable when click on the Date Range dropdown menu. You may create any Custom time period that you would like for any of the five listed time periods.



#Access Historical Graphs in your Data Tables
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=332
You can click on any of the numbers in your Data Table to open the historical graph. When the historical graph is open, you can quickly toggle between different time periods.



#Add or Edit Groups in your Data Tables
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=333
You can add an unlimited number of groups to your Data Table using the Add Group feature in the top right of the Data Table.
Groups allows you to organize your Data Table how you would lile by team member, department, theme, or anything else that may be helpful. 
You can rename the title of your Group by clicking on the New Group name to update this section. 



#Create New Data Tables
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=334
As an Administrator, you can create additional Data Tables from the Data Table dropdown menu. 
Your available Data Tables are linked to your Teams which are determined by your Huddle groups in the system. 



#Who has Access to Data Tables
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=335
Every team member has a My Data Table and visiblity to the Company Data Table. 
Only Administrators can edit the numbers and groups available on the Company Data Table. 
Adding new Data Tables for your Teams/Huddles is only accessible to Administrators. Any additional Data Tables created are private to the Team by default but this may be changed by the Administrator as needed.


#Export your Data Tables historical data into a CSV
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=336
You can use the Export option in the top-right corner of your Data Table to export and download all of the Data Tables data you have access to in a CSV file.



#Customize the Columns of Your Data Table
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=355
Use the Settings button on your Data Table to customize the columns and display of your Data Table.
Click on the Settings button in the top-right of the Data Table and Select or Unselect the Columns and Chronological Display of your Data Table.
Note: If this is a shared Data Table, the addiitonal columns will be included for all Users with access to the Data Table.



###Huddles###
#Create a Quarterly One-Time Huddle Meeting
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=353
Align allows users to create multiple Huddles. *Note: you must be an Administrator to perform this function.
Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Administration > Manage Huddle Groups or Use the (+) on the top navigation and select Huddle.
Create Huddle from Template and select the One-Time cadence from the dropdown menu.



#Run your Huddles by Section
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=344
When creating or editing your Huddle, you have the option to set up and run your Huddle by Section.
Huddles by Section allows you to run the meeting by filtering for Individual sections as a whole instead of by individual team members. You can also filter only for those who have entered in an update for that particular section 



#How do I add a custom text section to my huddle?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=321
Customizing the huddle to help your team prepare for the meeting is the best way of setting clear expectations and running a well thought out and efficient meeting. 
As the Owner or an Admin User:
Login to Align and navigate to the huddle you wish to update. 
Click the Huddle Settings gear in the top of the huddle.
Scroll down to the Individual Section and click the + button on the right side of the container.
Type in the name of the section. 
HINT: Make it an open ended question like "What is your KPI Analysis and Action Plan?"
Press Save.
Don't forget to remind the team that you added a new section and they should fill it out before the next huddle!



#Huddle owners
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=228
Huddle owners is just one part of the plan to bring even more functionality to Huddles. 
The owner of a huddle has full access to manage and edit the huddle including participants, meet times agenda and description, previously limited only to system admins. This ensures anyone needing to move a project forward can get the right people in the room with little friction. 
Setting an Owner
Huddle owners are automatically defaulted to the user that created the huddle. When creating your huddle you will see your name populate into the Owner field of the Huddle settings. This field will be used to denote who the main point of contact is for each meeting that is created. 
Transferring Ownership
Admins and non admins have the ability to change the owner of the huddle if they are the current owner. If you need to transfer ownership of a huddle you can follow the steps below:
1. Navigate to the huddle that you are needing to transfer ownership of
2. Click the Huddle Settings gear icon in the top of the huddle to access the settings for that huddle.
3. Ensure that the new owner is a participant in the huddle and select them using the search in the owner field. 
NOTE: The new owner must be a member of the huddle before you can transfer ownership.
4. You all set!



#How to Customize your Agendas, Custom Text Sections and Section Reordering
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=196
Adding and Customizing Agendas
Add agendas to your Huddles so participants come prepared for a crisp, efficient meeting. You can create default agendas that repeat for every Huddle instance, and then customize the agenda for a single meeting if plans change
Default Agenda Items
Default agenda items are added on the Huddle Settings screen. These will be applied to all future meeting instances of the Huddle, except for meeting instances that already have custom agenda items added to them.
Setting the Default Agenda:
1. Navigate to the huddle you want to edit from the left sidebar navigation
2. Click Huddle Settings or Gear icon at the top of the huddle and navigate to the Team Configuration section
3. Toggle Agenda to the ON position then use the plus action button to add your default agenda items.
4. Be sure to click the check box to confirm each new item then click Save Huddle Group to save the changes. 

Items can be deleted using the trash can icon next to each item added. To rearrange them use the 6 dots to the right of each card to drag and drop in the order you want.  

Custom Agenda items
Custom agenda items are added in the specific meetings instance, and they only apply to that meeting instance. They can be added ad-hoc for anything that may need to be discussed that day.

Adding Custom Agenda Items:

1. Navigate to the huddle you want to edit from the left sidebar navigation

2. Navigate to the Agenda section and use the plus action button to add your agenda items.

3. Click the check box to confirm each new item.

 
Adding Custom Sections in Huddles
Custom text sections can be added to 2 different areas:
Team Configuration area - These will appear at the top of the Huddle and editable by all participants.
Individual Configuration area - This will allow participants to enter their own unique information separate from other participants. 

You can use these sections to make sure that participants come to the meeting prepared with the exact information you need. Add as many custom text sections to your Huddles as you want.

Adding a Custom text section:

1. Navigate to the huddle you want to edit from the left sidebar navigation
2. Navigate to the configuration section you would like to add the section to and use the plus action button to add your new section.
3. Click the check box to confirm each new item.
4. Once done click Save Huddle Group to save the changes. 

To rearrange section items use the 6 dots to the right of each card to drag and drop in the order you want.

Customizing Text Section Names
 To customize the label for the text section, Administrators should
1. Navigate to the huddle and click on the gear settings icon
2. Find the section you wish to rename and click in the section.  Update and press the check mark.
3. Save the huddle.


#How do I add KPIs and Critical Numbers to a Huddle?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=303
Use KPI Cards or Critical Numbers to add at least one data point that is interesting and relevant to the team in Huddles. You can bring in Critical Numbers and KPIs for your company as a whole, or set up a distinct critical number set and KPI cards for your team within the Huddle itself. 
Forget running around, trying to organize your notes before a meeting, or tracking them down once it’s already begun. Huddles allow you to easily compile all the relevant info for your meeting into one place; dramatically increasing the efficiency of your meetings. 



#How to Clone Huddles
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=290
3 options to clone your huddles:
Option 1: Huddle Settings Page

Navigate to the original huddle you want to replicate in the 'huddles' tab of your lefthand navigation options upon login to the software.
Go to the 'settings' icon next to the date in the central column of your huddle.
In the edit settings drawer, select 'clone huddle' in the top righthand corner. This will create a new huddle. 
Your new huddle will show in a new edit drawer where you can customize it to your new format as needed. 
Option 2: Manage Huddles Page

Navigate to the 'administration' tab, then, go to manage huddles.
Click on the green bottom titled 'New Huddle From Template.'
Select 'clone existing huddle.' 
Select the huddle you would like to clone and then a new edit tray will appear with the cloned huddle. 
Option 3: Quick Action Huddle Creation

 
Who can Clone a Huddle?
Admin users have permissions to clone and edit a huddle.
What fields are cloned?
All fields within the Huddle are cloned except for the meeting Participants and Viewers. 



#Tagging your huddle creates focus on a specific set of priorities.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=294
To bring your tagged priorities into your huddle, you must add the same tag to your huddle. 
The Huddle Owner or any Admin can Tag a huddle by:
Navigate to the huddle settings for the specific huddle you would like to tag. 
In the Add Tag box above participants, add the same tag you used on your priorities. 
Add the Tagged Priorities section in the Team Section of the settings.
Save the huddle settings.
A Tagged Huddle will show each tagged priority's heat map progress.  The progress on the Huddle Members will also be narrowed down tot eh tagged priorities only.



#A breakdown of the "Who What When" section in Huddles.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=265
The "Who What When" section in huddles allows you to define who is responsible for specific tasks and when those tasks need to be completed.
Action Items Overview: This feature will give you a consolidated view of all the action items linked to your huddle.
Filters and Grouping:Filter these by person, show completed items, group by due date, or owner. The 'Added Today' filter is under development and will be available in the next release.
Easy Addition and Modification: You can add a new task by clicking on the 'Add Task' button. If you need to make changes to a task, you can do so through in-line editing directly in the huddle interface.
Individual Updates: Scroll down to your own section where you can add or edit your personal action items under "My Updates."
Recap Email: Your recap emails will now include any new action items added during the huddle.



#A brief overview of Who-What-When's impact on existing huddle templates.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=271
Existing huddle templates will include the option to add the "Who What When" section. You can choose to include it when creating huddles from templates.



#Setting up Who What When - A rundown of how to set up a Who What When section in a huddle.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=273
To set up the Who What When feature, the huddle owner or a company admin huddle member should:
Open the huddle for which you want to activate Who What When.
Navigate to the settings wheel
In the "Section Order" or "Individual Section", select the Who What When Feature
Optional - Rename the section to fit with your company's language. A common example of something users rename Who What When to is "Action Items".
Save your settings.


#Who What When
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=275
The "Group By" feature in the individual and team sections of a huddle allows tasks to be grouped based on owner and Due Date, providing a structured approach to task categorization and enhancing task visibility.



#What is the Huddle Recap Email?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=276
Send an email recap of your huddle with the Huddle Recap feature.

How?

Navigate to the huddle for which you wish to send a recap.
Click "Send Recap" in the top right of your huddle screen. 
Choose to send to "Me" or "Everyone in the huddle"
NOTE: This feature is not available in the Classic Layout - to use the feature, make sure you are using the "new" Huddle layout.  Watch a quick video of how to do that here. 

What's included?
AI-generated Summary
KPIs
Priority status and updates
Action Items added today and a Who, What, When Recap Report
New Parking Lot items
Text Sections
Huddle Statistics, including Participation
Note: Only populated sections will be included.

Who gets it?
The Huddle Recap can be sent to just you, all Participants, or All Participants AND Viewers.



#Using Who What When - WWW - in Huddles
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=277
How do you add a new task?
To add a new action item to you huddle, click the Add Task button in the team or individual section. This will open up a new entry line where you can select an owner, enter a short task name, and a due date. Click the checkmark icon to complete adding a task.
The Quick Add functionality enables users to swiftly add essential task details, such as the assigned user, task name, and due date, without opening a separate editing interface, thus saving time and effort.
I want to edit a task, How do I use the in-line editing? 
In-line editing allows you to modify task details directly within the section, eliminating the need for separate editing interfaces and improving task management efficiency.
Click the name or due-date on an existing task and you can edit in-line.  Make sure to click the check box to save your work!  You can always click the three dots (...) at the end of the row to open the edit drawer. 



#Change to the new Huddles format
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=278
New Huddle Layout

The New Huddle layout includes many features that are not available in the classic format including Who What When functionality!

1. Navigate to your Huddles

2. Click "Try Our New Meeting Format"



#What is a Daily Huddle
The Daily Huddle page allows you to quickly and easily communicate key information with your teams. You can be in multiple Huddles which can be toggled in the top left corner. You can also browse future and previous days, or search for a specific day by clicking on the date in the header, or clicking on previous day or next day also in the header. To show your own information first, check the "Show Me First" checkbox in the header.

https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=97

#Update my Daily Huddle
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=99
You have 2 ways of updating your huddles:

1. In the huddle itself

You’ll want to update your team on your progress each day by filling out your Daily Huddle. The Daily Huddle covers basic elements for each user: What’s Up, Top Tasks, Who What When, Priorities, Stucks and Top Priority for the day, these can be turned on/off in the settings tab.

Click Huddles in the left hand navigation
Click your huddle name to get into the specific huddle.
Review the data presented.  Remember, each huddle has specific customized settings and will likely look unique.
You can click inside the text fields to fill in your analysis, check off tasks in top tasks or Who What When, and review any questions added to the agenda.  
Add any private questions, reminders or notes in your "My Notes" section in the left-hand column.

2. On the My Dashboard
If you've added the What's Up section to your My Dashboard, you can choose the name of the huddle and add your "What's Up" directly from the My Dashboard hub. 



#Enter a Top Priority
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=100
Your Top Priority is the single most important thing for you to accomplish that day. You will enter your top priority in an “I will…” statement and check off the priority once it’s completed. The top priority can be entered from various places in the software and will display in all locations. You can enter your Top Priority on the Dashboard, the Top Priority Calendar, or your Daily Huddle. You only need to enter it once and it will display in all locations.


Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Daily Huddle.
Click your name to expand your Daily Huddle field.
Click inside the Top Priority box to display the text field. You can enter your top priority and check the box once it’s completed



#Create a Weekly Huddle
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=115
Each organization will need to create a new Weekly Huddle using the Administration tab in Aligntoday.com. Your organization can have as many huddles as needed and users can be a part of multiple huddles. Note* only administrators will have the ability to create and edit users in your huddle.

1. Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
2. Click > Administration > Manage Huddles Groups.
3. Create New Weekly Huddle Group. From here you can add/remove users and customize your huddle.
You can also create huddles from within the Daily Huddle and Weekly Huddle tabs on the lefthand taskbar. Simply click on Daily Huddle or Weekly Huddle, and click on Manage Huddles Groups at the top right.


#Add Users to a Weekly Huddle
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=116
You can add and remove as many users as needed to your organization’s Weekly Huddle and create multiple huddles under the Administration tab. Users may be a part of multiple huddles and these will display on your Weekly Huddle tab.

1. Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
2. Click > Administration > Manage Huddles Groups.
3. You can Create New Weekly Huddle Group or edit existing huddles.
4. To add a user, edit or create your Huddle and select the + next to the users name.



#How to Add Photos to My Huddle's What's Up
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=183
To add a photo to your Huddle What's Up section, navigate to your desired Huddle page. Next, copy your desired image. Then, in the text box of the desired Daily Huddle, paste the image. 

Alternatively, if you wish to insert an image web link, you can click on the "Insert Image" icon from the formatting bar at the top. This will open a dialog allowing you to insert the image's web address.



#Create a New Huddle
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=54
Align allows users to create multiple Huddles for either daily or weekly use. *Note: you must be an administrator to perform this function.

1.Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
2.Click > Administration > Manage Huddle Groups.
3.From here you can select to Create New Daily Huddle Group or Create New Weekly Huddle Group.
4.When you select Create Daily Huddle Group you will need to enter the Group Name. You can customize with fields you’d like to display by selecting from the "Include Sections" list.
5.When you select "Create Weekly Huddle Group" you will need to enter the Group Name and Weekday. You can customize your Weekly Huddle by selecting which boxes you’d like to display and customize the headers.
6.Lastly to add users to either huddle select the + symbol next to that user’s name . To remove that user from a huddle you can select the  trashcan symbol.



#How do I Add a User to an Existing Huddle?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=55
You can add an existing user to an existing Huddle via the Manage Huddle Groups located in the Administration tab. *Note: you must be an administrator to perform this function.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Administration > Manage Huddle Groups.
From here you can select which Huddle you wish to add the user to by selecting the pencil icon for that Huddle.
To add users to the Huddle select the + symbol next to that user’s email. To remove that user from a Huddle you can select the trashcan icon.





###Integrations###
#Tips and Tricks to troubleshoot your Salesforce --> Align Integration
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=279
The Align-Salesforce integration allows you to automate updates of your Metrics that drive Critical Numbers, Quarterly Targets, Priorities, and KPI Cards via Salesforce Reports. Updates to the report value in Salesforce trigger updates to your KPIs in Align.

I'm getting a red yield icon
If you see this icon appear on one of your KPIs connected to Salesforce, it means that the Critical Number did not update due to a change to the report in Salesforce. Below are the most common causes, and what you can do to fix it.
The Metric was removed from the Report in Salesforce
If the Metric that the Critical Number was linked to was removed from the Report, you’ll need to either:

Add the Metric back to the Report in Salesforce; or
Link the Metric to a new Salesforce Metric in that Report in Align.

The Metric’s name was changed in Salesforce

If the name of a Metric was changed (because the underlying Custom Field name was changed), the integration will no longer recognize that Metric. To fix this, you’ll need to either:
Change the field back to its original name in Salesforce. Refer to this Salesforce Help Page on managing Custom Fields if you need help.
Link the Metric to a new Salesforce Metric in that Report in Align.

The Report was deleted in Salesforce
If the Report is deleted in Salesforce, the integration will no longer be able to update the Metric. To fix this, you’ll need to:
Connect the Metric to a new Report and Metric in Align

The Report was moved out of the “Public Reports” folder in Salesforce

The integration only connected with Reports in the “Public Reports” folder in Salesforce. If a Report is moved to a new folder, you’ll need to either:
Move the Report back to “Public Reports”
Clone the Report, move the clone into “Public Reports” and connect the Metric to the cloned Report in Align.

The User who connected the Align account to Salesforce is inactivated in Salesforce

If the original connector’s user is inactivated in Salesforce, a different user will need to reconnect using their login credentials.
Click on the “trash can” icon to remove the Salesforce connection from Align. Do not worry about any connected reports listed below as the connection information will remain intact once a verified Salesforce account is reconnected.
Once the connection is re-established between Align and Salesforce, return to the “My Dashboard” page and click the Salesforce “refresh” icon to update any Metrics previously connected to Salesforce reports.

The original Salesforce account is disconnected from Align, and a different Salesforce account is reconnected.

If a different Salesforce account is connected to Align, the integration can no longer reference the Reports and Metrics from the previous account. To fix this, you’ll need to either:

Disconnect and reconnect to the previous Salesforce account.
Reset your Metric setting to reference Reports and Metrics in the new Salesforce account.

In Salesforce we use different currencies and the metric does not show up in Align
If your company uses multiple currencies, they may denote that with 3 letters - USD, AUS, EUR etc. - before the currency number. 
In order to use the Align integration with this metric, you must translate the metric into a basic number.  One way to do this is to use a Row Level Formula. 
 
1. Open your report in Salesforce and press "Edit"
 
2. In the Columns section, click the drop down and select "Add Row-Level Formula".

3. In the formula builder
(1) name the column title
 
(2) find the correct field in the left hand search - this is the ORIGINAL field that includes the currency denotation
 
(3) Select the field
 
(4) press insert

4. Save the Report



#Set up your Hubspot Integration!
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=280
Automate your Hubspot CRM Data with the native Husbpot <--> Align integration!
The HubSpot integration is an account level integration and only able to be added by Admins on the account. If you are not an admin you will need to contact an admin in the account.
To activate the integration you’ll need to first connect your Align account with HubSpot.
Navigate to Company Settings from the Administration dropdown menu in the top level navigation
Scroll down to the Integrations section and locate HubSpot from the available integrations and click the gear icon to configure.   
Click "Connect to Hubspot" and use your login credentials to sign in to your Hubspot account. 
You will see a green checkmark under the Enabled column verifying that the account has been successfully linked and is ready to use. 

Connect a Hubspot Number to a Metric in Align

Connecting a number to a metric is the best way to ensure that everyone has access to the metric and can use it. To connect HubSpot to a metric use the following steps: 
Navigate to the Metrics page from the left sidebar 
Click Add Metric at the top left of the page
Give your metric a name and description then navigate to the Integration dropdown
Choose HubSpot from the dropdown and select from the available metrics you would like to track.



#Salesforce Syncing
If you have the Salesforce integration enabled, it will automatically sync once per day. 

To manually sync the integration, navigate to the KPIs or Critical Numbers you wish to refresh and push the Refresh button in the top right of the container.


#Priority Integrations using Metrics
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=295
Ready to automate your Number driven priority?
In the Edit Priority Drawer for your Number measurement Priority, choose "Connect A Metric".
Choose the Metric to use for the Current Value. 
Save

Not seeing the metric you want to use?

You can create a new metric right from the search bar!
Click in the search bar and type "C". 
At the top of the drop down menu you will see "Create a new metric" 
Fill out your information for this metric, then you can use it in the priority! 
Remember, Priorities are measured throughout the entire quarter, so you cannot use metrics with a Cadence!

When to use Metrics in a Priority
Use Metrics if you plan on tracking the same business metric in multiple places
Metrics can be integrated with your internal tech stack for automated updates



#Adding Google Task Integrations
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=227
Integrations can be easily added via the Integration section located in your Profile.
Adding the integration
Hover over the profile menu in the top right corner and choose Profile
Choose the Integration option under your profile image and choose Align Google Task
Choose Connect to Google Tasks and confirm your account details to allow access. 

Syncing Tasks
Align Tasks synced with Google Tasks will appear in a Google Tasks List. To choose the List you'll need to add a Sync Category in Align.

Navigate to the Manage Integration page and Choose Create Sync Category under the Sync Categories section.
Enter the Category Name, select your Company and check “Make Default”. 
Your new category will be synced to Google and create a list with your new tasks.


Note: A new list will be created in Google Tasks only after you create a task and assign it a category in Align. If you would like to sync to an existing Google list simply name the sync category the same name as the list in Google. 

Once everything is linked up you can sync your tasks between Align and Google including due date and any notes that you have entered. 

Note: Tasks created in Google Tasks may take up to 5 minutes to appear in Align.


 
#Learn more about the Align-Slack Integration
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=187
The Align-Slack integration lets you:
Receive personal alerts about your Align work in Slack
Update your Huddles in Slack
Check your Align information from Slack
Celebrate company goal accomplishments with your whole Team

Connect Your Company to Slack (To receive public channel Team Priority and Task updates):
The first step in activating the Align-Slack integration is to connect your Align company to your Slack workspace.
An Align administrator should go to the Administration > Company Settings page  
In the “Integrations” section, click the Configure icon for Slack
In the “Slack Configuration” drawer, click the Add to Slack button
You’ll be taken to a Slack page to configure and confirm your integration -  By default, Align will try to connect to the Slack workspace that you’re currently logged in to. If you’d rather connect to a different workspace, you can select it from the dropdown on the top-right corner of the screen
Once you’ve selected the desired workspace, select your default channel at the bottom of the page. Company-wide progress announcements will be sent from Align to this channel
Finally, click “Allow” to finish the approval process
You’ll then be redirected back to Align to complete the integration
You will also receive a notification in your Slack workspace that the integration is now active

Connect Your User Profile To Slack (To receive personal alerts and use slash commands):
The Align-Slack integration also allows individual team members to receive private alerts to update Align Huddle information, and to update their Huddle information directly in Slack. Users can turn on Slack alerts on the personal integrations page or in the Alerts section of their user profile.

If the Slack toggle is disabled, ask an Align admin in your company to connect your Align account to Slack (see the “Connect Your Company to Slack” section above).

1. Turn the Slack Alerts toggle ON. Align will try to find your Slack profile based on your Align email and user name. If Align is able to find a match, you will see the user information next to the toggle. If the match is correct, confirm and you’re done!
2. If the match is incorrect, or Align couldn’t find a match, you’ll need to provide your Slack member ID. To do this, first go to Slack. Click on your Slack user name in the top-left corner of the Slack app. Click “Profile & account” from the dropdown. Click the ellipse on the right-side profile section, and click on “Copy member ID.” Finally, paste this ID into the field in Align.
3. Now your Align user is connected to Slack! You should see “Alignbot” under the Apps section on your Slack menu:

If you don’t see it, click the “+” button next to “Apps” and add the Align App:

Disconnect the Align App from your Slack workspace:
In the Administration > Company Settings page, click the “Configure” icon for the Slack integration, and then the “Delete” icon.
You’ll be redirected to the App settings page in Slack. Click the “Configuration” tab.

Personal Alerts
Once your Align user profile is connected to Slack, you will receive some of your Personal Alerts as Slack Direct Messages, instead of emails. These four alerts will go to Slack:
Daily Huddle Not Complete
Weekly Huddle Not Complete
Top Priority Not Completed
Custom Alert

Note that your Huddle alert messages also allow you to update your Huddle information.

All other Personal Alerts will continue to go to email.

You will still configure these alerts in the Personal Alerts section on your Profile page in Align.


Update Huddles
Clicking on the “Update” button on your Daily and Weekly Huddle Personal Alerts or Huddle Slash Commands will allow you to update the “What’s Up” section of your Huddles directly in Slack.
Check Huddle Information and Top Priority Status with Slash Commands
Once your Align user profile is connected to Slack (see “Connect Your User Profile to Slack” section below), you can use three slash commands to check and update Huddle content, and to check your Top Priority status for the day.

For Huddle Content:
/dailyhuddle
/weeklyhuddle 
Typing one of these commands will return your What’s Up content, and all other members’ content, for the Huddles you belong to. /dailyhuddle returns content for today’s occurrence of your Daily Huddles, and /weeklyhuddle returns content for the next upcoming occurrence of your Weekly Huddles. If you don’t currently have What’s Up content for one of your Huddles, you can press the “Update” button and do your update directly in Slack.

You can also add some arguments to the slash commands to narrow down the content returned:

/dailyhuddle [Huddle Name]  and  /weeklyhuddle [Huddle Name]  will return content for all members, but just for that one Huddle.
/dailyhuddle me  and  /weeklyhuddle me  will return content across all your Huddles, but just your own content.
/dailyhuddle [Huddle Name] me  and  /weeklyhuddle [Huddle Name] me  will return just your content and just for the one Huddle.

 
For Top Priority Status:
/toppriority

Use this command to check the status of your Top Priority for today.

Default Channel Team Updates
Once your Align company account is connected to Slack (see “Connect Your Company to Slack” section below), Alignbot will begin posting team updates to the default channel you choose. Help motivate your Team to accomplish their goals and celebrate wins. These updates include:

When a Priority is updated
When a Task is complete

A few notes:

Clicking on the links will take you to that Priority or Task in Align
Updates for all Align users’ Priorities and Tasks will appear in this channel, even if they are not integrated with Slack
Only updates for publicly avilable Priorities and Tasks will appear in this channel. Priorities and Tasks with Team or User level visibility security are excluded.



#How do I integrate with Zapier?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=191
The Align - Zapier integrations lets you automatically update Metric Values from a variety of external apps.

Only Admins can turn on the Zapier integration for your company. To do so:

Go to Administration > Company Settings
Click on the “Configure” icon for Zapier
In the Zapier Configuration drawer, click “Connect to Zapier”
You’ll be sent to Zapier, where you can accept the private app invite. Click “Accept Invite & Build a Zap”
Go to “My Apps” in Zapier
In the dropdown on the next page, search for and click on “Align”
A popup will appear to confirm your Align login. The Align App is now available in your Zaps.
Note: you may have to refresh the Company Settings page in Align for the green “connected” checkmark to appear.

You are now ready to set up Zaps to update the values of Metrics of your choice from a wide variety of external apps.



#The Align-Salesforce integration allows you to automate updates of numbers via Salesforce Reports.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=194
Adding Salesforce Integration
Set up Salesforce integration for real-time number updates!
Getting Started
Integrations can be easily added via the Integration section located in your Company Settings.

The Salesforce integration allows you to automate updates of your Metrics via Salesforce Reports. Any report metric in Salesforce can be linked to a Metric. Updates to the report value in Salesforce trigger updates to the Metric in Align. It’s that easy. Save time by not having to chase down metric updates for important company metrics in Align such as your:

Sales Pipeline

Active Lead Count

3-month Trailing Win Rate

Note: The Salesforce integration is an account level integration and only able to be added by Admins on the account. If you are not an admin you will need to contact the account owner to gain access to this option.

Adding the integration
To activate the integration you’ll need to first connect your Align account with Salesforce.

Navigate to Company Settings from the Administration dropdown menu in the top level navigation

Scroll down to the Integrations and locate Salesforce

Click the Gear icon to Configure then click Connect to Salesforce and follow the prompts to login. 

Your accounts are now linked.


Get Your Salesforce Reports Ready
You will just need to move your Salesforce Reports to the Public Reports folder, and they’re ready to sync



#Easy sign on. Serious security.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=262
For an individual user

When your company has enabled Google SSO, you can log in to Align using your Google account credentials. To do this, go to the Align login page, enter your email address, and click "Continue with Google." You'll be prompted to log in using your Google account. If you're already logged in to your Google account, you may be asked to confirm your choice.

For an Admin User

To enable Google SSO for your company, you'll need to configure domain settings in the Company Settings page. This will allow you to manage user accounts with email addresses belonging to your company domain.

Add a Domain: Click "Add Domain" on the Company Settings page to open a drawer for adding a new domain. Enter the domain you wish to verify and manage.

Choose a Verification Method: You have two options for domain verification: HTML or DNS.

HTML Verification: Download an HTML verification file provided by Align. You'll need to upload this file to your domain's website to verify domain ownership.

DNS Verification: Click the "Get Verification Key" button to generate a TXT record. Add this record to your domain's DNS settings. Note that DNS changes can take up to 72 hours to propagate.

Verify and Add Domain: After completing the necessary steps for your chosen verification method, click "Verify and Add Domain." Align will verify your domain ownership and add the domain to your account.

Domain List and Configuration: Once a domain is verified or pending verification, it will appear in a list in the domain section, showing its name, status, and configuration options. To change domain settings, click the gear icon. To remove the domain, click the trash icon.

Email and Password Recovery Settings: Clicking the gear icon will display options for Email and Password recovery. You can allow or disallow password resets and email changes for users within your domain.

Configure Single Sign-On: On the same settings screen, you can set SSO to be Optional or Required. If set to Required, all users within your domain will need to sign in using Google SSO and won't be able to use their username and password.

By following these steps, admins can enable and configure Google SSO for their company, ensuring a more streamlined login experience for their users.



#Utilize the Align Open API as a Developer
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=323
The Numbers API provides secure, scalable automation for managing Metrics. Built on the AWS infrastructure with multi-layer security, the API enables you to retrieve, create, and update Metrics with comprehensive API validation and monitoring.

Getting your team set up to start using the API is something that must be done by an Administrator in your account. The connection process requires 4 steps as an Administrator in the Administration _> Manage API Keys page. Once this is set up, you have a range of integration options using the API. 



#Set up your QuickBooks Integration!
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=343
Automate your QuickBooks finance and Accounting data with the native QuickBooks <--> Align integration!

The QuickBooks integration is an account-level integration and can only able to be added by Admins on the account. If you are not an admin you will need to contact an admin in the account.

To activate the integration, you’ll need to first connect your Align account with QuickBooks.
Navigate to Company Settings from the Administration dropdown menu in the top level navigation. 
Scroll down to the Integrations section and locate QuickBooks from the available integrations and click the gear icon to configure. 
Click "Connect to QuickBooks" and use your login credentials to sign in to your QuickBooks account. 
You will see a green checkmark under the Enabled column verifying that the account has been successfully linked and is ready to use.
 
Connect a QuickBooks Number to a Metric in Align

Connecting a number to a metric is the best way to ensure that everyone has access to the metric and can use it. To connect QuickBooks to a metric use the following steps: 

Navigate to the Metrics page from the left sidebar 
Click Add Metric at the top left of the page
Give your metric a name and description then navigate to the Integration dropdown
Choose QuickBooks from the dropdown and select from the available metrics you would like to track.



#Set Up your QBO Integration
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=347
Automate your QuickBooks Online Data with the native QuickBooks <--> Align integration!

The QuickBooks integration is an account level integration and only able to be added by Admins on the account. If you are not an admin you will need to contact an admin in the account.

To activate the integration you’ll need to first connect your Align account with QuickBooks Online. You can connect to your QBO account using the Value Source dropdown menu from the Metrics page when adding or editing a Metric. 

You can select data points from five different QBO reports to automate the updates of your financial metrics. 



#Integrate Google Sheets with Metrics
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=352
Metrics via your Google Sheets data. 

Step 1: Go to your Google Sheet that you would like to integrate and select the Get Add-Ons option under Extensions -> Add-Ons. Search for Align Metrics and select Install. 
Step 2: Once you have installed the Align Metrics Add-On, go back to your Extensions menu, select Align Metrics and allow the necessary permissions to give Align access to integrate with your Google Sheet. 

Step 3: Generate an API Key and Access Token to use in your Google Sheets <--> Align Metrics add-on using the Administration -> Manage API Keys page and copy this information into your Align Metrics sidebar.

The Endpoint URL Is: https://application.aligntoday.com/api/v1/metrics - you should only need to update it if it gets accidentally erased. 



###KPIs###
#Learn how to visualize your KPIs using metrics and targets in dashboards and huddles.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=235
Here's a step by step guide on how to get going:
Step 1: Adding a Metric KPI Card to your Dashboard or Huddle

Go to either a Dashboard or a Huddle

Dashboards 

If there aren’t any existing KPIs in this section, click Add KPIs

If there are existing KPI Card in this section, click the pencil icon to open the “Edit Key Performance Indicators” screen

On the “Edit Key Performance Indicators” screen, search for and select the Metrics you would like added to the KPI Section

Click Save and you will be brought back to the Dashboard and see the Metric KPI Cards are now available 

Huddles
If your huddle doesn’t have a KPI section, you can add one in Huddle Settings. To add a KPI section in a huddle, go to the gear icon at the top of your huddle next to the date
Now that you are in Huddle Settings, scroll down past the Agenda and you will see the Section Order form. Click the (+) icon at the top right corner and a menu will appear with an option to “Add KPI Section”. Click to add this to your huddle.
Next, you can rename this section to whatever you like, so pick something that inspires you!

Click Save, then when you are brought back to the huddle, scroll down to your new KPI section and follow these steps:

Click Add KPIs

On the “Edit Key Performance Indicators” screen, search for and select the Metrics you would like added to the KPI Section

Click Save and you will be brought back to the Huddle and see the Metric KPI Cards are now available 

If your huddle already has a KPI section

Click the pencil icon to open the “Edit Key Performance Indicators” screen

On the “Edit Key Performance Indicators” screen, search for and select the Metrics you would like added to the KPI Section

Click Save and you will be brought back to the Dashboard and see the Metric KPI Cards are now available 

Step 2: Setting Target Information

Now that you have added Metric KPI Cards to your Dashboard or Huddle, it’s time to set some target information

To do this, click the ellipsis icon on the card to open up the menu and select "Edit"
On the Edit screen, you'll now see a new section to add target information. Here you can add custom targets or time-based targets, just like when creating a Critical Number.
Fill in the information and click "Save"

Step 3: Checking your Performance against Targets

The Metric KPI Card will update and show a radial gauge that displays how you're doing against your targets. With this new capability, you'll have a clearer view of your progress and be able to make more informed decisions. 



#What are metric KPIs with targets?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=236
Metric KPI Cards with Targets is a new feature in Align that allows users to set targets for their Metrics and track their progress towards those targets. Previously, Metrics that were not linked to Critical Numbers, Number-Driven Priorities, or Quarterly Actions were only displayed as their current value in the KPI Card on Dashboards and Huddles. This update brings a more comprehensive view of metric performance and goal tracking.



#How do I set targets on a Metric KPI?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=237
To add KPI Targets to your Metrics in Align, you first need to add the Metric to the KPI Section of your Dashboard or Huddle. To do this, go to the KPI Section on your Dashboard or Huddle and click the pencil icon in the top right corner to access the "Edit Key Performance Indicators" screen. From there, select the Metrics you want to see and click "Save." Once the Metric appears as a KPI Card on your Dashboard or Huddle, you can add KPI Targets by clicking the ellipsis icon on the card and choosing "Edit." On the Edit Metric screen, complete the Target Options section and click "Save" to apply the changes. With KPI Targets, you'll be able to track your progress toward your goals and see how your Metrics are performing against your targets.



#Can I edit the targets on KPI cards?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=238
Yes, you can edit the target information by clicking the ellipsis icon on the card, choosing "Edit," and making changes on the Edit screen in the Target Options section.



#Can I set targets for metrics that are updated automatically by integrations?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=239
Yes, you can set targets for metrics that are updated automatically by integrations. However, it's important to consider how often the metric is updated and if the target is realistic based on the frequency of updates.



#Are Metric KPIs with Targets linked to a period?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=240
Metrics themselves are not bound to a period in Align, but once they have been added as a KPI Card on a Dashboard or Huddle, they are bound to the period on the dashboard or to the huddle.



#What happens to targets when I create a new period or huddle?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=241
When you create a new period or huddle in Align, your Metric KPI will be copied forward from the previous period, but the targets will not be saved and will not be automatically carried over to the new period or huddle. Once the new period is created, you will be able to add the target information for the new period.



#Can I have different targets for the same metric on different Dashboards or Huddles
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=242
Yes, you can have different targets for the same metric on different Dashboards or Huddles in Align. This means that you can add the same metric to multiple Dashboards or Huddles and set a different target for each one. This way, you can see how your metric performs against different targets on different Dashboards or Huddles.



#Your KPI cards can include KPIs that are Metric driven, Priority driven, Critical Number driven or Quarterly target driven.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=231
Your KPI cards can include KPIs that are Metric driven, Priority driven, Critical Number driven or Quarterly target driven.

When you copy over your One Page Plan (Quarterly Targets & Critical Numbers) or your Priorities, your KPIs will automatically copy over. 

For cards that are Metric driven, they will copy over when a new period is created.

In summary, you do not need to specifically copy over KPI cards, they are full dependent on other areas of the software that get copied over.



#How-To for Creating a AI KPI
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=302
How to Use AI-Driven KPI Suggestions 

There are three different areas you can navigate to within Align to utilize the AI KPI Suggestions Tool. They are the My Dashboard, Company Dashboard, and Huddle. 

Any user may employ the AI-KPI tool through the My Dashboard, but must be an admin or Huddle owner in order to use the tool in the two additional areas stated above.

1. My Dashboard

Navigate to the My Dashboard
Go to my KPI section and hit the three stars in the right hand corner
From this screen, you can fill out the form at your discretion, and choose however many KPI suggestions (leading or lagging) that you would like
Hit "create selected KPIs"
Change the status of the card accordingly
2. Company Dashboard

This process is identical to the one stated above, but may only be executed by a Company Admin. To learn more about becoming a Company Admin, head to our FAQ
3. Huddle KPI Section 

This process can only be undertaken by a Company Admin or Huddle owner. If your Huddle has a KPI section, this process is identical to those above.
To add a KPI section to your Huddle, click the gear icon at the top of your screen to access your settings
Navigate to Team Configuration - Section Order, and hit the plus icon
Select "add KPI section", rename at your discretion, arrange properly in the section flow, and hit save
You May now use the AI-Driven KPI Suggestion tool
 

Four different types of KPI Status: 

Depreciated: similar to inactive but essentially that it should be deleted or removed. no longer in use or recommended for use

Inactive: Not currently in use, but will be in the future 

Draft: Waiting for final word of approval, or needs an owner and/or target attached to it 

Active: Being updated and monitored regularly by the owner


As a default, AI-Driven KPI Suggestions, once created, will appear as drafts. You can click on "draft" or hit the three dots in the upper right corner to edit the card and change the status. 



###Metrics###
#I have a Draft KPI, what does that mean?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=306
My KPI Card shows a yellow DRAFT, what does that mean?  

When you have created a KPI Card and Metric, but have not yet updated the metric with real numbers or the KPI card with targets, it will show a "DRAFT" status.

Once you are happy with your Metric and KPI Card, switch the metric to "ACTIVE" status to finalize your new KPI Card creation.

The Status of the Metric determines its availability and behavior in the system. There are three available status values: Active, Inactive and Deprecated. Active is the default status value for a Metric. 

Status Value Definitions

Active: The Metric is available to provide the value to other numbers in the system like Critical Numbers, Priorities and to be used as a KPI. Integrations like Salesforce and HubSpot will poll for updated values on a daily basis and on-demand. This is the default state for a Metric.
Draft: The Metric has been created but the configuration is not yet complete or it's not ready for use. It highlights that more work is required. When that work is complete, the Status should be changed to Active. Metrics created by the KPI Suggestions feature are created with a Draft Status.
Inactive: The Metric is no longer used in the system. It will not be available in the Metric selection list for other numbers in the system and not provided to Zapier as an available Metric. Salesforce and HubSpot will not update Inactive Metrics.
Deprecated: The Metric is on its way to being inactive and no longer used in the system but still needs to receive integration updates. It is a state between Active and Inactive that is used during the transition away from one Metric to another. Generally, a Deprecated Metric should not be connected to provide the value for a Critical Number, Priority, etc.



#Linking Targets in Metrics
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=316
You can now share Metrics with Targets in KPI Cards across Dashboards and Huddles using the Linked Targets feature within the Target section of the Metrics KPI Card.
When adding or editing a Metric with Target in your Card view, you will see the Metric section and the Target section. 
Within the Target section of the Metric, you will be able to see if the Target of that Metric is linked to a Card on other Dashboards and Huddles.



#Updating Linked Targets with Metrics
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=317
Every linked Metric with Target will have a change log and number of connections to highlight the history of where this Target is being used.

You still have the option to create your own Target for each Metric. Every Metric with Target has a unique Target owner that allows you to use the current Target, create your own Target or revert back to the Existing Target.

Indicators on the KPI Card and in the Target edit drawer will indicate when the Metric’s Target is being Linked.



#Target Owners and Existing Targets on Metrics
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=317
You will see Target Owner and an Existing Target in the Target section of the Metric when applicable. You can revert back to the Existing Target any rime for your Metric.




#Export Metric Value Updates
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=296
You can export historical CSV reports for any of your Metrics.

By clicking to edit a Metric on your Dashboards or in your Huddles, or clicking on the Metric in the Metrics page, you will see an option in the top right corner to Export Value Updates for your Metric.

Once you select Export Value Updates, you will be emailed a detailed CSV report of all historical value updates for your Metric.

CSV Notes Columns:

Column 1 includes UserNotes: If there is a User entered Note for the Value Update on the Update Date, it will be included in this column.

Column 2 includes ErrorNotes: If there was an error attempting to post a Value Update on the Update Date, it will be included in this column.

Column 3 includes SystemNotes: If the Value Update on the Update Date was provided by an Integration or a calculation, information about the Integration or calculation will be included in this column.



#Metrics with a Cadence
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=286
Understanding Number Cadence

The Number Cadence feature introduces a new type of metric in Align. Unlike regular metrics that represent all-time values, the Number Cadence feature allows users to create metrics with a specific cadence of weekly or monthly. While our typical metric may say we have walked 100 miles as of today, the cadence metric will say that we have walked 10 miles this week or 50 miles this month.

Setting Up a Metric with Number Cadence

Create a metric for the goal you want to track, such as "Miles Walked."
Choose a Weekly or Monthly cadence.
Input your current value (typically zero) or your starting point for the week or month.
For a Weekly cadence, select the day of the week you want your value to reset, such as Sunday. For a Monthly cadence, the value will reset on the first day of each month.
Set the reset value (usually 0) for when the metric resets and save your metric.
Adding Targets to a Metric KPI Card

Edit a KPI section on a Dashboard or Huddle and add your new metric.
Once the KPI Card has been added, set targets for weekly or monthly cadences, just like for a standard KPI card. If you want to walk 10 miles every week, set your target accordingly.
Remember that time-based targets for weekly cadences are set for one week, and for monthly cadences, one month only.



#When should I use a Metric?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=281
Get started with Metrics!

Many areas will be enhanced by your use of the Metric features. 

What is it? A metric is a number. 

The metric can be used throughout the software to 

Connect an integration
Update a number in multiple places with a single update
Best Practice for when to use a Metric

We recommend taking your full list of numbers you plan to measure and creating metrics for each of those numbers.  By using metrics as your starting place, you can use these numbers in each area of the software that it applies.

I have a lot of numbers I want to track that are not necessarily a Priority or Critical Number, how should I do it?

You have two options

Option 1: Use a Quarterly Action driven by a Metric - Quarterly Actions can be found in the One Page Strategic Plan and are typically lagging indicators that you want to measure each quarter. 

Option 2: Use a KPI Card to measure a standalone metric.  You can add targets to this KPI Card and it can be used in a Dashboard or a Huddle.

Ok ready to add my Metrics, now what?

Create your Metric

Either navigate to the Metrics Tab and click "Add Metric" or in the component where you want to connect the number, choose "Create New Metric" from the dropdown. 
Name your metric something that is a quick description of the number itself
Best Practice - Add a description indicating more about the number, what is it used for?  How is it calculated? What is the definition?
Choose your value source (this where you can connect an integration)
Current Value if you know t - remember, it will be auto updated by your integration if you choose to connect. 
Cadence defaults to this period, but can also be Monthly or Weekly if you want to restart at the beginning of the month or week.
Click Save!



#Formula Driven Metrics
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=250
What are Formula Driven metrics?

Formula Driven metrics in Align are metrics that are based on other metrics in the app, allowing you to combine them to create ratios, percentages, and more.

Use these metrics to drive any area of the software that can be metric driven (Critical Numbers, Priorities, Quarterly Actions)

How do you create a Formula Driven metric?

To create a Formula Driven metric, use the formula builder. You can use other metrics to create a new measurement - this is great for a ratio or %! 
NOTE: You cannot use other Formulas Driven Metrics to drive a new Formula Driven Metric. 

You can use basic math operators such as addition (+), subtraction (-), multiplication (*), and division (/) to combine metrics and create ratios, percentages, and more.
Once you have created your formula, save it as a new metric and begin using it to drive your updates. 

How does the new Formula Driven Metric get updated? 

Whenever a dependent metric in your Formula Driven Metric is updated, the overall Formula Driven Metric will be updated!  That means once you set it up, when your dependent metrics are updated,  then the overarching metric will be updated!

How Often Are Formula Driven Metrics Updated?

Formula Driven metrics are updated whenever one of the dependent metrics in the formula has a value update. Additionally, if you edit the formula, validate it, and save the record, the Formula Driven metric will be updated with the new formula.

How long does it take for a Formula Driven Metric to update after a dependent metric is updated?

Formula Driven metrics update in real-time as soon as one of the dependent metrics in the formula is updated.

Can I add a historical update to a Formula Driven metric in Align?

Yes, you can add a historical update to a Formula Driven metric in Align by typing in the value manually. Please note, the historical updates prior to the Formula Driven Metric creation will not be automatically created.

Can I use Formula Driven metrics as a value source in other areas of Align, such as critical numbers? 

Yes, you can use Formula Driven metrics as a value source in other areas of Align, such as critical numbers. This allows you to incorporate your Formula Driven metrics into your strategic planning and goal-setting processes, and track your progress towards your objectives in real-time. To use a Formula Driven metric as a value source in another area of Align, simply select it from the list of available metrics when setting up your critical numbers.

Use Formula Driven metrics as a value source in other areas of Align, such as priorities.

This allows you to incorporate your Formula Driven metrics into your strategic planning and goal-setting processes, and track your progress towards your objectives in real-time. To use a Formula Driven metric as a value source in another area of Align, simply select it from the list of available metrics when setting up your priorities



#Add comments to Metrics, Critical Numbers and Quarterly Actions
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=345
You can add Comments on Critical Numbers, Metrics, and Quarterly Actions.
Click on the three dots in the top right corner of your KPI to add, reply and view comments. You can add a comment from this view.

You can tag another team member from the commenting window. Tagging a team member will send them an email notificaiton and create a notificaiton in their notifications section (bell icon) in the top right corner of their account.
You can reply to a comment as the original commentor or if you have been tagged in that account. 



#Set Visibility on Metrics
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=346
You can set Security on Metrics to be set to Selected Teams or Selected Users.
Visibility by Team is set based on the Users in a Huddle Group. 

Visibility by User allows you to select the specific team members you want to give visibillity to the Metric. Only Metic Owners and Administrators can update the Visibility on a Metric.
Metrics that are connected to Company-level goals such as Company Critical Numbers, Company Priorities, and Quarterly Actions in the Company OPSP are not able to be changed. You must change the connection of the Metric in order to adjust the visiblity settings in these cases. 



#Add a List of Default Metrics from the Metrics tab
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=338
You can add a list of up to 32 default Metrics into your account from the Metrics page. This will create the Metrics you choose as a Draft that you can then update to Active status to use on your Dashboards, Data Tables and Huddles.

From the Metrics page, you will see the Add Default Metrics option at the top of the page. You will see two groups of default Metrics: Base Metrics and Calculated Metrics. 

The Base Metrics are your fundamental business Metrics that power the calculations and ratios of the Calculated Metrics below
The Calculated Metrics are your slightly more complex business Metrics that use a combination of numbers to calculate their respective value



#Difference between Metric Owner and Target Owner for Metrics with Targets
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=324
It is common for the Metric Owner and the Target Owner to be the same team member. This only occurs on Metrics with Targets.The Metric Owner is the person responsible for the status of the Metric and oftentimes is the one updating the Current Value of the Metric. The Target Owner is the person responsible for the targets that have been set for that Metric on a Dashboard and/or in a Huddle, and is responsible for making sure those targets are being hit.

To clarify, it is common for the Metric Owner and Target Owner to be the same person but that is not always the case. On occasion, someone who is not the Metric Owner will use a Metric owned by someone else on their own Dashboard and/or Huddle to create their own targets and goals for a Metric. This allows for the Metric to be used in multiple places for multiple purposes.Each Metric with a Target has a unique Target owner.

You can:

Use the current Target
Create your own Target
Revert to the existing Target



#Mass Create Metrics with Excel
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=319
As an Administrator, you can mass create Metrics on the Metrics page using our bulk create feature with Excel. 

At the top the Metrics page you will see the Bulk Create option (see below). This will allow you to download an Excel template to use to create new Metrics.
You may also use your own pre-existing Excel sheet as long as the fields are the same as the template. Required fields are: Metric Name, Owner, Current Value, Description, Status 
Once you have each Metric listed in your Excel template, you can Upload the Excel sheet back into the Bulk Create section and your Metrics will be created for you. 

 

Note the Upload Requirements:

• Fill out all required fields (Metric Name)

• You will be set as the Default owner if none is provided

• Current Value will be 0 if none is provided

• Default status will be Active 

• System will check for duplicate metrics

• Excel formulas cannot be processed

• File must be in .xlsx or .xls format

• Maximum file size: 10MB




#Bulk Create Historical Data with Metrics
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=320
As an Administrator, you can bulk create historical data for Metrics using our bulk create historical data option with Metrics. 

Click on the pencil icon to edit the Metric you would like to upload historical data for on the Metrics page. In Edit Metric, select Historical Values in the top right and Bulk Create Historical Values
Download the Excel template to enter in your historical values or use your own Excel sheet with the same field structure. 

Once you have listed the corresponding dates (YYYY-MM-DD format) and historical values, you can upload the Excel sheet back into the Bulk Create Historical Values section of your Metric. 

 

Note the Upload Requirements:

Fill out all required fields (Date and Value)
Date format should match the Template format
Formula cannot be processed
File must be in .xlsx or .xls format
Maximum file size: 10MB


###One Page Plan###
#Use the OPSP Wizard to Create the One Page Plan for the First Time
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=73
For organizations that have never created a One Page Plan before, the Wizard is available under the One Page Strategic Plan button under the Strategy tab at the top of the screen. The wizard is also a great tool when updating your One Page Strategic Plan during Quarterly and Annual Strategic Planning sessions.

The OPSP Wizard will take you through steps to create and update each field in the OPSP. Each section has a question mark icon to help answer questions, provide examples, and inform your decision making along the way.
The wizard also helps you focus on and update specific sections of the OPSP. Use the wizard to narrow your strategic planning focus and streamline your OPSP updates on planning day that will have a big impact on the months and years ahead.
In the OPSP Wizard you can save your progress at any point and continue at a later time.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Strategy > One Page Strategic Plan.
Select the Wizard icon to walk you through creation of the organizations One Page Plan. 

*Note: you must be an administrator to perform this function.



#Entering the One Page Plan I Already Have
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=74
If your organization already has a plan you can easily enter the content into the Aligntoday.com One Page Plan tool.

*Note: you must be an administrator to perform this function.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Strategic Tools > One Page Strategic Plan.
Click inside each box to begin typing the text and select Save Section when finished.
Select the green question mark icons if you are unsure what content to enter.



#Print the One Page Plan
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=75
To print the One Page Plan follow these steps:

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Strategic Tools > One Page Strategic Plan.
Select the Print Plan button to print your current view.



#Customizing my One Page Plan
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=77
The One Page Strategic Plan allows users to customize the headers and sub headers of each box in the One Page Strategic Plan. Once the header is changed it will be displayed with the content for all users on that account. *Note: you must be an administrator to perform this function.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Strategic Tools > One Page Strategic Plan.
Click inside the header or sub header box for any category and begin typing.



#Change the Period Dates
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=78
The default period settings are set to 90 days (a calendar quarter). Users can change the period end date for the organization and set future periods. 

You will not be able to adjust the dates of periods that occurred in the past. 

*Note: you must be an administrator to perform this function.

How to adjust:

Navigate to the Dashboard, Priorities or One Page Plan 
Select the dates from the middle top of the screen and select the edit button. 
Enter desired end date. NOTE: The start date must be contiguous and may not overlap with any previous period. 
Create a New Period:

Navigate to the Dashboard, Priorities or One Page Plan
View the dates from the middle top of the screen and select the plus (+) button. If no plus (+) button is available, the period has already been created, click "next" to view the future period. 
Confirm the desired end date. NOTE: The start date must be contiguous and may not overlap with any previous period.
Updating the START date:

Your periods may not have a gap, therefore, when you change the start date, it will update the end date for the previous period.

Moving the start date forward:

When changing the start date to a date further in the future, this will automatically update the end date of the previous period to ensure no gaps in time.

Navigate to the Dashboard, Priorities or One Page Plan and then to the period you wish to adjust. 
Click the edit button next to the date.
Update the desired start date. NOTE: The start date must be contiguous and may not overlap with any previous period.



#View the One Page Plan Tools Worksheets
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=79
Additional One Page Tools are available to administrators of the organization. These tools can be used in the planning process or at any time. The One Page Plan and the 4D Vision Summary are available to all users. *Note: you must be an administrator to perform this function.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Strategy > Select your desired Worksheet/Tool.



#Hide the One Page Plan
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=80
Aligntoday.com is built with complete transparency for all users to see the organization plan and individual priorities. The software doesn’t allow users to hide any pieces of the One Page Plan. Only administrators will have the ability to make edits to the plan, but it will be visible to all users.



#Copy the Previous Plan
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=81
After you have created a new period, you will be given the option of copying the previous One Page Strategic Plan into the new period. Click 'Yes' to accept.

If you wish to copy the information from the previous period at a later date, you can do so by selecting the Copy Previous button at the top of the page.

WARNING: Copying a OPSP to a new period will automatically copy the previous period's Critical Numbers, overwriting any Critical Number data already in the new period.
 
Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Strategic Tools > One Page Strategic Plan.
If your screen is blank and the information lies in the previous period select the Copy Previous button.



#How to save the One Page Plan as a PDF
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=154
To save the One Page Strategic Plan as a PDF, navigate to the One Page Strategic Plan page, which is located under the Strategic Tools drop down menu. 
Click the Generate PDF button at the top of the page.



###Priorities###
#Create a Rollup Priority
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=131
Rollup priorities are a type of priority where their progress is determined by their child priorities. They are calculated by taking the average of the percent completion of all their child priorities. To create a Rollup Priority do the following:

Create your priority normally selecting 'Add Priority' on the Priorities page
Type in the name of the priority, and assign it an owner.
Click on Individual Priority, or Company Priority 
Select ’Rollup’ 
Press 'Save Priority’.
This will then save the priority as a rollup with a measurement of '0 of 0 (0%)' If you would like to create a child priority right away, you can select 'Create Child' which will save directly under the rollup priority you just created. 

This priority's progress will now be determined by the child priorities that are directly associated to it.


#Create a Secure Priority
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=143
Secure priorities are a type of priority where only specific people have access to view that priority.

To create a secure priority, do the following:

Create your priority normally selecting 'Add Priority' on the Priorities page
Type in the name of the priority
Assign the priority an owner
If it is a child priority, search and select the parent priority Decide if this priority is going to be an Individual Priority, or a Company Priority by selecting the associated circle.
Determine how this specific priority is going to be measured by choosing KPI Driven, or Rollup. 
Because tasks cannot be secure, users are not able to make secure priorities task-driven.
Go to the visibility drop down. From here you can choose to select specific users or add a whole huddle group.
Once you are done, press Save.


This priority will now only be viewable by the users you have selected.



#Create a Task-Driven Priority
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=124
Task-Driven Priorities measure their percentage progress based on completing its associated tasks. 

How it’s Calculated
Example: 

A Task-Driven priority with 2 out of 10 tasks completed is at 20%. Unlike priorities with other progress types (Number or Rollup) however, the color status is not calculated based on the pacing of this percentage progress.

Color Status

Color Status is based on the count of overdue tasks:

GREEN:  0 overdue Tasks

YELLOW:  1 overdue Task

RED:  1>  overdue Task

NOTE: The Color Status also accounts for tasks that are due later in the Period. 


Creating a Task-Driven Priority:

Navigate to Manage Priorities screen and navigate to the priority you want to set the type for.

Give the priority a name, and assign it an owner.

Navigate to Select Priority Type section and select Task Driven.

Under the Manage Tasks section click  Add Tasks.

Save your priority



#Update my Priorities
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=111
Once you’ve started making progress on your priorities you’ll want to update them.

This can be done from the Update Priority Values option which is located on the Priorities page.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Priorities from the left side toolbar.
Click on the Update Priority Values button.
Your priorities for the current period will automatically populate.
Enter the updated metric in the Current Value  field
Save Priority Value.
 


#Update Someone Else’s Priorities
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=112
If you are marked as an administrator in the software you’ll have the ability to update the progress of another users priorities. Non-administrators can only update their own priorities.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Priorities from the left side.
Click the Update Priority Values button.
In the name field, search the user you want to update.
Their priorities for the current period will automatically populate. Enter the updated metric in the Current Value field and Save.



#Update my Priority in Another Period
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=113
You may want to update your priority status for a period that has just ended or a period hasn’t begun yet. This is available in the Update Priorities option.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Priorities from the left side.
Click the Update KPI Priorities button.
Select either Previous Period or Next Period.
The priorities for the selected period will populate. Enter the updated metric in the Current KPI field and Save KPI.



#What is a Priority?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=60
The priorities tab tracks all priorities, both company and individual, for your organization. They are organized in a hierarchical structure with top level priorities being on the top and sub or child priorities underneath them. If a priority has a > sign at the far left then it has a sub or child priority underneath it. You can also click Expand All at the top to show all priorities. All priorities must have an owner and a KPI metric to measure the progress throughout the time period.



#Create a Number Driven Priority
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=61
Each period new priorities will be entered into the Priority Tab on Aligntoday.com. These will measure your progress with the number that you create compared to the amount of time left in the period. The period date, and Number measurement can be customized.

To create a Number Driven priority, complete the following steps:

Click on the Priorities tab on the top Navigation toolbar. From that page, select ‘+Add Priority’.
The Add New Priority box will appear. Add the Priority Name.Assign the priority an owner
Number Driven will already be selected.
Enter a Number Target 
If applicable, enter a 'Start' and 'Current Value'
Press 'Save Priority'. 

Note* The required fields: Priority Name, Priority Owner, Number, Number Target, Individual/Company Priority. 



#Enter a KPI
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=62
A KPI is a "Key Performance Indicator".  In this software, a KPI is a Number -  visual representation of another component. 

Add the KPI Component to your personal My Dashboard, the Company Dashboard or Huddles to drive decisions with Data.

Adding a KPI to your "My Dashboard" for the first time

Navigate to "My dashboard"
This is your home page when logging into the app.  An Admin in your account can also add the Number Component to the Company Dashboard.
Scroll to the Number Section
No KPI Section? If you do not have a KPI section, add it to your dashboard by clicking the edit button at the top of your screen. Then select KPIs  from the dropdown.  Once added, rename the drawer to describe the category (ex: Sales KPIs or My Scorecard)
Click add KPI in the middle of the component.
- Follow the prompts to select from pre-existing numbers or create a new metric to track
- Hover over the icons to determine the type of number - Standalone Metric, Priority, Critical Number, or Quarterly Target.
Click Save to populate your new KPI component.
You can drag and drop each individual card to re-arrange.
Adding a KPI to your Huddle for the first time

Navigate to your Huddle
If there is no KPI Section, go to settings and click the + in the Section Order to "Add KPI Section"
be sure to rename it so its relevant to your huddle participants!
Click add KPI in the middle of the component.
- Follow the prompts to select from pre-existing numbers or create a new metric to track
- Hover over the icons to determine the type of number - Standalone Metric, Priority, Critical Number, or Quarterly Target.
Click Save to populate your new KPI component.
You can drag and drop each individual card to re-arrange.
Add Targets to your Metric Driven (#) KPI cards
Targets can be added to a KPI card that is driven by a standalone metric.  Critical Number and Quarterly Target driven KPI cards inherit the targets from their original component. 

On the Dashboard, click the three vertical dots in the top right of any metric driven KPI Card (these will be just a number, no graph).
Scroll down to the "Target Options" and choose either Custom or Time-Based then add in your targets!
NOTE: You are updating the KPI Card only, this will not update other areas where this metric is used.
Click Save



#Copy Priorities to Another Period
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=63
When a new period begins the priorities tab will not display any priorities to begin the period. You can enter new priorities with the + Add Priority tab or Copy Priorities from the previous period.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Priorities.
Check to make sure you are in the correct period and hit “next period” if needed.
Once in the correct period you can select the Copy Priorities button to view of list of all priorities from the previous period.
Check the priorities you wish to copy and select any additional options you need. *You can search for specific priorities and copy notes, progress, relationships and tasks if needed.



#Assign an Owner to My Priority’
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=66
All priorities will need to have one owner assigned to them. The owner must be an active user in your Aligntoday.com account.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Priorities > + Add Priority.
Locate the field title Priority Owner and begin typing the owner’s name. Once their name displays select the box to assign that owner.



#Create a ‘Company’ Versus ‘Individual’ Priority
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=67
When priorities are created you will have some that are a company priority and some that are individual priorities. Both company and individual priorities can only have one owner assigned.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Priorities > + Add Priority.
If the priority is a company priority check the box that says Company Initiative if it’s an individual leave the box unchecked.



#Creating Child Priorities
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=89
Priorities can have child or sub-priorities which align to the parent priority. 

To add a Child Priority, go the the priorities page and select Add Priority on the top of the page. Then in the Parent Priority section start typing the name of the desired Parent Priority and select it. To dock and existing priority as a child priority, click the three dots to the right of the priority you want to be the CHILD priority and select edit. In the Parent Priority field, start typing the name of the Priority that will be the parent and select it when you see it in the dropdown menu. Then hit save on the edit drawer.



#How Rollup Priorities are Calculated
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=90
Rollup priorities are a type of priority where their progress is determined by their child priorities. They are calculated by taking the average of the percent completion of all their immediate child priorities. That is, the ones that are directly linked to the Rollup priority. For example, if a parent priority has two children, one of which is 7/28 (25%) and one of which is 3/4 (75%) then the parent will be 50% complete. Note that the units of the child priorities are not used to determine the parent progress calculation, just the progress (percent to completion) of the children is used to determine the parent progress.



#Associate your priority to the Annual Initiatives to show progress on your bigger goals.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=312
To connect a priority to an Annual Initiative

Open the Edit Priority Drawer by clicking on the 3 dots next to a Priority
Open the Advanced Section and scroll to the Connections area
Select the appropriate Annual Initiative(s) in the drop down
Save
The Priority will now show up in the Annual Initiative Dashboard for that period!



#There are 3 Types of Priorities
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=264
Each priority type measures progress in its own way.

NUMBER-DRIVEN: Select a start and target value to measure your progress towards your goal. Example: Raise revenue from $120k to $160k this quarter.

ROLL-UP: The progress on roll-up priorities is determined by the statuses of its child priorities. Example: Set a roll-up priority to close 20 accounts by the end of the period and create child priorities for your 5 teammates to close 4 accounts each.

TASK-DRIVEN: If a priority has underlying to-dos that are too small to make sub-priorities, use a task-driven priority to measure progress. Task-Driven priorities are measured by the percentage of completed tasks. Example: Set a priority to launch your new sales site. Attach all of the tasks necessary to make this happen.

*Note: tasks can be attached to Number and Roll Up Priorities, but they only count towards the progress of Task Driven Priorities. 



#How to tag priorities into huddles.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=245
A quick how-to concerning tagging priorities into huddles. 

Part One: How to Tag Priorities into Huddles from your Huddles Page. 

Select the Huddle you want the priority to be tagged in. 
Go to settings (gear icon).
Go to the tag section and create a tag that pertains to the Huddle/priority you are trying to link together.
Make sure that "Tagged Priorities" are toggled on. 
Save and exit Huddle settings.
Go to Priorities, and select the priority you wish to include in the huddle.
Under tags, put the tag you created in your Huddle settings. Save and exit.
Your priority should now appear in the "Tagged Priorities" in your Huddle dropdown. 
Part Two: How to Tag Priorities into Huddles from your Priorities Page. 

Select the Priority that you want to be grouped into your Huddle. 
Hover the three dots on the far right side of the priority you want to tag, and select "edit priority".
Scroll down to the "tags" section and create a tag that corresponds with the Huddle that you want to include it in.
Save and exit.
Go to the Huddle that you want the tag included in, and type it into the "add tag" section.
Make sure that "tagged priorities" are checked on.
save and exit.
Your priority should now appear in the "Tagged Priorities" in your Huddle dropdown. 



#Delete A Priority
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=247
To delete a priority, first navigate to your priorities page. 

Hover over the three horizontal dots that appear at the far right of the priority you want to delete.

Select delete priority from this mini drop-down. It is the last option. 

Confirm that you want to delete it, and you are done!



#Priority Color Status
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=189
Priority Status Types
Priority colors can be calculated in 2 ways: User Driven or Calculated.

Calculated

If the priority status type is set to Calculated the color status will be determined based on the current value versus the set target and will update using the color below. 

GREEN if you are at or ahead of pace

YELLOW if you are slightly behind pace

RED if you are very behind pace. 

User-Driven

User Driven priorities will be updated manually and you will self-select the color status. The completion percentage will still display, but you will set the color based on how you feel about the completion of the priority by the end of the period. 

Setting the Status
To choose Status Type for a Priority: 

Navigate to Manage Priorities screen and navigate to the Priority you want to set the status for. 

Click the 3 dots next to the priority you want to update and choose Edit

Navigate to Select Priority Status in the Priority Details drawer

Choose either Calculated or User as the calculation method.

Click Save Priority to save changes.

Calculated is selected by default. If User is selected, a color selection dropdown will appear to update the priority based on the current status.


 
#How to update and edit priorities in Align
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=190
How to edit a priority:

1) Click the "Priorities" tab in the left navigation

2) Select the 3 dots next to the priority you wish to edit

3) Select "edit"



#New Edit Priority View
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=287
General Priority or OKR Information
When creating a priority for the first time, start by giving your priority a name and select an owner - that's it! To learn more about priorities click here.

Success Measurement

At the end of the period, the success measurement is how you know that you have achieved your goal.  

The Success Measurement is the last piece of the puzzle to hold the owner accountable.  

With 3 choices for how to Measure Success, the owner should ask themselves where they want to be at the end of the period and if they achieve that measurement will the results actually lead to the desired change? 

A Number is the most straightforward approach if you have a clear numerical target such as revenue, win-rate, website visitors. It is the only choice that can be connected to a metric and use an integration for real-time updates. 

A Task is a measurement that should be thought of as milestones.  We recommend adding one task for each week in the period that can be used to keep you on track.

Rollups allow the owner to rely on the child priorities to determine if the goal will be achieved.  This is best used with complex change that holds multiple cascaded layers of goals. 

The owner can also control the Color Status to indicate if they are on track or not throughout the period.  The recommended default is calculated status as it holds you accountable for your success measurement. We recognize that things happen throughout the quarter and have given the owner the ability to move to User-Driven to choose the color yourself.

Advanced Section
This section is for less frequently updated items as well as more advanced features such as connections. Here you can add a description to your priority, set visibility, label as a Company Priority, create connections, and add notes.

Connections

One reason you use software to track your priorities is because you can connect different areas of your business and easily bring the necessary information to the appropriate conversation. 

Priorities can connect to:
A Parent Priority - This forms a cascade! The Parent-Child relationship helps everyone at the company see a visual of the goal impact. As a child priority, your actions affect the parent priority. As the parent priority, you empower the child priorities to accomplish their goals so the full team can see a green number at the end of the period.

Annual Initiatives are your first connection to the bigger picture strategy.  By connecting all related priorities to the appropriate Annual Initiatives ( You can connect more than 1) you can then go to the Annual Initiatives dashboard and view all of the actions that are being taken throughout the year to accomplish this bigger strategic goal. 
Tags connect priorities to huddles.  When both a Priority and a Huddle share the same Tag, you can automatically bring the tagged priorities from the current period into the huddle. Use the same tag throughout the year to give your tagged huddle a refresh at the start of each period without any additional setup. 

Tasks are action items or milestones that can be connected to priorities as a success measurement or for categorization purposes.  By adding related tasks to a Priority, you give context to tasks that help your team prioritize their work and understand the impact.



#AI Priority Coach
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=297
To Create a new Priority from Scratch with the AI Priority Coach:

Navigate to the Priorities Page
Click the Add Priority button at the top of the page
Click on the AI Coach button next to the priority name field
Now you're in!  Follow the prompts to write in your vision for what you want to accomplish 
Chat with the Coach until you're satisfied with what you've created. 
Review the suggested priority along with the description and suggested tasks to accomplish this goal.
Click Create Priority and Tasks in Align then edit your fields and make sure task assignments and due dates are correct. 
Save your Priority and Tasks to create them in the software.
 

Don't forget to add in your success metric to fully track the priority
To view or edit the description, open the "Advance" area.
Add additional Related Tasks below (you can do this even if it's a number driven priority!)

To Refine your Priority:

Edit the Priority you wish to refine and start chatting.
Once you are satisfied with the outcome, click Create Priority and Tasks to update your current priority and add or refine the tasks. 



#Filtering Your Priorities
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=297
Below is a video of how to use the filter function in Align, specific to priorities, to streamline your workflow and focus on what matters most.

1. Filter by People or Username: Start by selecting the People filter to view items assigned to specific users. Simply type the user’s name and Align will display all relevant tasks and priorities.
2. Filter by Teams: Your Teams are based off your Huddle Groups. Filter by Teams allows you to view all Priorities for members of a specific Huddle.

3. Filter by Status: You can easily track progress by filtering color status of your priorities. Choose from red, yellow, green, or "super green" if you’ve exceeded your targets.

4. Filter by Priority Name: If you’re looking for specific priorities, use the Priority Name filter. Just type in the name, and you’ll get a focused list of those priorities.

5. Filter by Tags: Tags can be a great way to categorize and find specific items. Use the Tags filter to quickly locate tasks associated with a particular tag.

6. Filter by Company Priorities: If you want to focus solely on company-wide goals, click the Company Priority box. This will show you only the high-level priorities that drive your business forward.

Using these filters will help you navigate Align more efficiently and keep your team on track!


###Reports###
#Run a Report
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=69
Reports are available to allow users to see information from their Aligntoday.com account. Various reports on activity, huddle content, tasks and overall company alignment are available. *Note: depending on your company’s settings, you may have to be an administrator to perform this function.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Reports > Select your desired report.
Fill in the required dates or any needed information and select Generate Report.



#Print a Report
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=71
Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click Reports and select your desired report.
Fill in the required dates or any needed information and select Generate Report.
Once the report has populated, you’ll have the option to Print, Export or go the next page from the tool bar across the top.



#How Admins can receive a weekly summary performance email
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=195
Weekly Summary Performance Email
This email notification is available to all admins and is a great way to review your team's topline performance. When turned on, this email will be sent on Monday mornings, so you can quickly digest goal progress at the start of each week. The email includes the following sections plus an AI Summary that is currently in Beta:
Current Status of Company Priorities
Annual Initiatives for the Current Period
Company Critical Number Status and Week-Over-Week Changes
Company Performance Metrics

To activate this email, go to your Profile and turn it on in the "Alert Settings" section:
Once the email is turned on, you will also get the option to also include an "Individual Performance" section. If turned on, a portion of the email will also include individual breakdowns of performance for each member of your team.



#Understanding the Percentages of the Alignment Report
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=325
Strategic Priorities work best when the entire team is aligned.  What does that look like in action?  The majority of priorities are "aligned" with Company Priorities and the remaining priorities have parent-child relationships to connect the entire company around shared goals.  

The Alignment Report  breaks down the Priorities owned by each team member into two categories based on the Parent-Child relationship of their Priorities for that period.

Aligned with Company Priority:

The “Aligned with Company Priority” section of the report highlights the total percentage of the Priorities that each team member owns that are connected as Child Priorities (or ARE the Company Priority itself) under a Company Priority that period. 

Example Below: Alex Abramson has 3 total Priorities (Column 1).  Of those 3 Priorities, 1 is a Child Priority of the #1 Thing priority and 1 is a Company Priority itself.  Therefore, 2 of his 3 Priorities (66.7%) are  "Aligned" with Company Priorities.

Aligned with any Priority:

The “Aligned with any Priority” section of the report shows the total percentage of the Priorities that each team member owns that are connected as Child Priorities (or are the Parent) under any of the other Priorities that period. 

Example Below: Alex Abramson has 3 total Priorities (Column 1). Of those 3 Priorities, 2 are child Priorities and one is the Parent Priority.  Therefore, all 3 of his Priorities (100%) are "Aligned" with other Priorities this period. 



###Strategy###
#What are Initiatives, and how can you use them to connect your long-term strategy to your short-term tactics?
What Are Initiatives?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=193
Initiatives are ambitious, long-term strategic goals that will usually take a whole year to complete. They don’t necessarily have an objective measure of success tied to them (as opposed to quarterly Priorities, which are supposed to be very black-and-white when deciding if you accomplished them). Instead, they’re meant to be aspirational and act as guides to focus your team’s shorter-term efforts towards what matters most. Initiatives will usually be worked on by multiple people.

Examples of Annual Initiatives are:

Ensure every team member understands and lives our core values

Codify our hiring/onboarding plan and process 

Create an automated proposal system

It's best to derive these Initiatives from the even broader strategic items you laid out in the “Foundation” and "Three To Five Years" section of your Plan. You'll then want to break down these items and make progress against them through the individual Priorities you create in the "Quarterly" section of the Plan.

 
Setting Up Initiatives
Initiatives can be created in two locations. They can be created in the One Page Strategic Plan or from the Annual Initiatives Dashboard.

 

One Page Strategic Plan
The One Page Strategic Plan (OPSP)  is the master document for all of your planning and goal setting. This will house all of your Initiatives and goals including quarterly, one year and three to five years.  Initiatives appear in the “One Year” section of your OPSP

Create Initiatives in the OPSP:

Hover over the Strategy menu item in the top level menu and choose One Page Strategic Plan from the dropdown.

Confirm you are in the correct planning period where you want to create your initiatives.

Note: You can edit the period using the edit pencil icon next to the date at the top of the plan.

Navigate to the One Year section and click the + icon in the Key Initiatives subsection to create a new Initiative.

Tip: You can collapse all sections using the Collapse All button in the top left of the page. All sections can also be rearranged in the order you want by clicking and dragging the 6 dots on the left of each card.

In the field that appears, type the name of your Initiative and click the check to confirm.

Your Initiative will now appear in the OPSP, with an overview of the statuses of Priorities contributing to it.

NOTE: If you’d like to continue working on an Initiative from a previous Period’s Plan, you can also select it from the dropdown when creating a new one.


Create Initiatives in Annual Initiative Dashboard
Navigate to Annual Initiatives from the left side navigation

Choose Add Initiative

Give the initiative a name, set the period it should begin (default is the current period), and choose the Company or Team’s Plan it belongs to (default is the Company).

Viewing Initiative Performance On The Dashboard
The Annual Initiatives Dashboard provides a holistic view of how your Initiatives have performed over time. This page breaks down Initiatives, Period-by-Period, into the individual Priorities that contributed to them. 

You can quickly see how much focus is being placed on an Initiative currently or in the past, and which team members are contributing.

NOTE: To assign a priority to an initiative select an initiative under the Annual Initiatives dropdown when creating/editing your Priorities. 

The default view of the Annual Initiatives Dashboard shows all Initiatives that are being worked on in the Company’s Plan for the current Period. 

You can view other plans by using the dropdown next to the header at the top of the page labeled Annual Initiatives for.  This will allow you to view other plans to ensure everything is in alignment.

Locating Previous Initiatives
You can locate previous initiatives by using the Browse Initiatives. This will allow you to search by period to filter Initiatives by name.

Export Results
To export your current results to a PDF, click Print Performance Report.

This will generate a PDF report you can print out for your team or review directly in the browser window. You can select multiple periods to include in your Annual Initative Performance Report.



#Critical Numbers
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=248 
Critical numbers are the indicators for the success of your company, and drive the focus of your execution. Revenue, Sales Generated, and Gross Margin are some common examples of critical numbers, but CN's vary with the goals of a business. 

Types of Measurement:

Time Based Critical Numbers Are best used when you expect steady, linear progress towards the goals of your period, instead of volatility. A Time Based Critical Number tracked according to where you are in the current period, or simply by time basis. When you set a Critical Number to be measured by time, that Critical Number's progress will be measured by the start and finish value, compared to the amount of time left in the period, much like we do with quarterly priorities.

To Add/Edit your Critical Numbers targets select the Edit option in the top-right corner of the Critical Numbers card.
Select ‘Add Critical Number’ to add a new number. (Up to 5 are permitted) or edit the existing fields.
To track your priorities on a time based toggle, select the 'Time-Based' option under ‘Progress Calculation’
Enter the start and target values and hit save.
Custom Target Critical Numbers are best used when goals are not expected to progress linearly.

Update Critical Numbers:

To update the value of your critical numbers, click on any number, edit the value inline, and click Save. 

Note: To update the critical numbers you must be an administrator or the owner of the Critical Number.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Your Dashboard will display for your organization.
Select the value you want to edit and then click Save.
Align Recommendation:

Choose 3-5 critical numbers that matter most for your company. Admins are the only ones who can choose these in the OPSP,  but they are visible to all. Critical numbers may change quarter-to-quarter as the focus of your company potentially shifts, or they may stay constant. 

More than 5?

To add more than the 5 number limit, use the KPI card functionality.  You can add KPI cards to any dashboard or huddle.  On a dashboard, use the edit menu at the top to add a KPI section and choose the numbers you wish to see and the name of the section.  In a huddle, go to the Huddle Settings and add KPIs to the team section. 
 


#Stucks
#Create a New Stuck
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=85
A stuck will create a reminder for another user that you are “stuck” on a particular item. Stucks can be created and assigned to any user in your account. You will enter in the description, specifically what you are stuck on, and an email will be sent to that user. All stucks can be managed under the Manage Stucks page.

For all stucks you will see the stuck description, the person who is either stuck or whom you need help from, and when the stuck was created. If you created the stuck you can mark it as resolved by clicking on the pin or by clicking the edit icon and then clicking on I’m Not Stuck. You can also update the description or reassign it by clicking on the edit icon. The user who created the stuck is the only person who can resolve the stuck.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Daily Huddle or Manage Stucks.
Select Add New Stuck and enter both the person you need help from and the stuck description. An email will notify the user of the stuck.
This will display in your Daily Huddle and the Manage Stucks until you remove the pin or unstick the user.



#Assign a Stuck to a User
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=86
The user assigned to the stuck should be the person that you need help from. Stucks can only be assigned to a user inside your company’s Aligntoday.com account. Only one user can be assigned per stuck, but you can create multiple stucks for various users.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Daily Huddle or Manage Stucks.
Select Add New Stuck and begin typing the name of the user you want to assign the stuck to.



#Remove or Unstick a User
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=87
For all Stucks you will see the Stuck description, the person who is either Stuck or who you need help from, and when the Stuck was created. If you created the Stuck you can mark it as resolved by clicking on the pin or by clicking the edit icon. You can also update the description or reassign it by clicking on the edit icon. The user who you assigned the Stuck to will receive an email alerting them that you are no longer stuck.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Manage Stucks or Daily Huddle.
From the stucks box on the Daily Huddle or the Things I Am Stuck On, select the pin button to remove the pin and unstick the user. Note that the user that created the Stuck is the only person that can remove a Stuck.



#View/Manage all Stucks
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=88
The Stucks page tracks all stucks that you are associated with. This includes Stucks where you are waiting on others as well as stucks where others are waiting on you. It will only show active Stucks by default, but if you'd like to see resolved Stucks, you may uncheck the Show Active Stucks checkbox in the header.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Stucks from the menu on the left.
You can view both items that you are holding up and items you are stuck on.


 
#Add/Remove a Stuck
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=102
Stucks are used when someone else in the organization is holding you up. You can assign a Stuck to them and it should be announced each day in the huddle until the action is completed. You can add or remove a Stuck using the "Stucks" tab on the left of the screen. Alternatively you can manage Stucks through the Daily Huddle.
You can select "Add New Stuck" to assign a Stuck to another user inside your organization. This will send an email notification to that user.
Once the Stuck has been resolved only the assignee can remove the pin to unstick that user.



###Tags###
Tags are user-generated labels that allow you to organize your Priorities and Huddles around specific projects or themes. Tagging your strategic Priorities can provide more focus and clarity for your team. 

https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=185

###Tasks###
#Task Integrations
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=168
Integrations can be easily added via the Integration section located in your Profile

Adding the integration
Hover over the profile menu in the top right corner and choose Profile

Choose the Integration option under your profile image and choose Microsoft To-Do Task

Choose Connect to Microsoft To-Do Tasks and confirm your account details to allow access. 

Once connected navigate back to the Manage Integration page and You should now see it is connected.

Syncing Tasks
Align Tasks synced with MS Tasks & To-Do's will appear in your Align Tasks list. To automatically connect your Align Tasks to your MS Tasks and To-Do's, you'll need to add a Sync Category in Align.

Navigate to the Manage Integration page in your Profile and choose Create Sync Category under the Sync Categories section.

Enter the Category Name, select your Company and check “Make Default” to automatically sync all Tasks. 

You will want to create a new category in Microsoft with the same name in order to sync your Tasks. Learn more about creating a category in Outllook for your Microsoft Tasks here.

Once your category is created in Microsoft with the same name as your Sync Category in Align, your Tasks will start syncing in both directions.
Note: If you would like to sync to an existing Align Task or MS Task or To-Do, simply add the new category to the Task and it will update in Align and Microsoft. 



#Add a Top Task
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=103
Top Tasks are tasks that you want to be visible in your huddles. They can be identified on the dashboard or the Tasks page. Top Tasks are set by clicking on the star next to the task on the Dashboard or the Task Sheet. Ideally you will have roughly three top tasks at any given time and they will be reported as 0 of 3, 1 of 3, 2 of 3, or 3 of 3.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Tasks  > +Add Task.
After you enter the title of the task select the star to designate this item a Top Task.
Note* Only Top Tasks that are not yet due or have not yet been completed will be displayed.



#Add a Task
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=109
The Tasks section of the dashboard allows you to create and manage your tasks. Each task has to have a name and a due date to be created. You can also mark a task as a top task, associate it to a priority, or add a note. Tasks that are due today will be yellow and tasks that are overdue will be red. 
To add a task, click on the Add Task button in. A dialog will appear where you can enter the task name, its due date, a priority to attach it to (optional), who owns it, whether or not it's a top task, and any notes you want to include.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Your Dashboard will display for your organization.
Locate the Task field and click Add Task.


#Delete a Task
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=121
To delete a task first navigate to either the Task Sheet or the Tasks section of the Dashboard. Once there you will see all your tasks listed. Find the task you wish to delete and then click on the trash can icon in the row that your task is in. You will receive a confirmation message making sure you wish to delete your task. Click Yes and then your task is deleted.



#Create a New Task
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=91
The Tasks page allows you to create and manage your tasks. Each task has to have a name and a due date to be created. You can also mark a task as a top task, associate it to a priority, and add a note. Tasks that are due today will be yellow and tasks that are overdue will be red.
To add a task click on the + New Task button in the top left corner. You can create a new task from various points throughout Aligntoday.com. A dialog will appear where you can enter the task name, its due date, a priority to attach it to (optional), who owns it, whether or not it's a top task, whether this needs to be recurring or one time, and any notes you want to include.

If you leave owner blank, then the task will be assigned to you.
This will display in your Task Sheet and the My Dashboard tab until you complete the tasks.



#Assign a Task to a User
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=92
When creating a new task in Aligntoday.com you will be the default owner of that task. You have the ability to assign tasks to other users in your account. Once you have assigned a task to a user, this task will display in their Task Sheet and an email will be sent if they have receive tasks assignment emails turned on.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Tasks
Select + New Task and enter the name of the tasks, the due date and assign an owner. To assign an owner begin typing their name into the owner box. Once their name appears select their name to mark them as the owner.



#Complete a Task
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=93
You can manage the tasks you have assigned to yourself and check them off once they are complete.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Tasks or view task from My Dashboard.
Locate the task that is completed and check the box located to the left. This will mark the task as completed and move it to the completed tasks sheet. *Note if you wish to delete a task click on the trashcan instead of checking it complete.



#Show Completed Task
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=94
You can view a history of all your completed task in the Task Sheet. You also have the ability to search other users and view their completed tasks as well.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Task Sheet.
Locate the box titles Show Completed Tasks and check the box to display the history of all completed tasks. You can sort by Task Name, Due Date or Associated Priority.



#Turn On/Off Task Emails
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=95
The user profile will allow each user to turn on or off their task assignment email notifications. Task notifications will be sent to users when they are assigned a task by another user. The task creator will also receive an email when the assigned user edits or completes that task.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click your avatar in the upper right corner and click "Profile" in the dropdown.
Once inside your profile, select Settings. From here each individual user can check or uncheck the box to Receive task assignment emails. *Note: Administrators can also adjust this setting in the Manage User section by clicking on the edit icon next to the user's name.



#Create a Top Task
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=96
When creating tasks you have the ability to indicate Top Tasks with a star icon. Top Tasks will remain highlighted on your tasks sheet and display in your Daily or Weekly Huddle.

Top Tasks are set by clicking on the star next to the task on the Dashboard or the Task Sheet.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Tasks.
Select + New Task and enter the name of the task, the due date, and assign an owner. Indicate a task is a Top Task by selecting the star icon in the field with task title.



#Add Task to my Priorities
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=65
After you have created a priority, you’ll have the ability to create tasks that relate to this priority. You can assign tasks to yourself or another user and tie them directly to the priority.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Priorities.
Locate the priority you wish to add a related task to. You can filter priorities if needed.
Hover over the gear to expand your options. Select the +Add Task button and fill out the task sheet.

* Note: this can also be accomplished from the Task Sheet



#Connect your Priority Tasks to your WWW in Huddle with One-Click
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=356

Align your Priority related Tasks to the WWW section in your Priority focused Huddle when Tagging your Priority or selecting Align to Huddle under Related Tasks. 

You can Align all of your Tasks that are connected to your Priority to your Huddle when tagging the Priority or Aligning your Tasks to your Huddle.

When editing your Priority, you can select Align to Huddle for all of the Related Tasks of your Priority. 

When you navigate to the Advanced section of a Priortiy and add a Tag to your Priority to align the Priority to your Hudde, you also have the option of aligning all of the related Tasks in your Priority to the WWW section of your Huddle. 

Select Edit Priority to Add the Tag to your Priority in the Advanced section. Save your Priority and select Align when asked to Align Tasks to Huddle




###Teams###
#Teams Security FAQs.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=289
What is a Team?
Within your Align account, a “Team” consists of all members of a Huddle Group. For example, the 12 members of the “Marketing Daily Huddle” would be their own Team and have the ability to create the Team-specific objects. The following sections will describe in more detail how you can use Team Security to better control your work in Align.
What is Teams Security?
Teams Security gives you better control over access to strategic planning and execution material in Align. You can use this feature in many ways, and these are just a few examples:

The executive team can have their own One Page Strategic Plan as part of their quarterly planning.
The East Coast and West Coast offices can have their own sets of Priorities. Members of each office can only view their own Priorities, while the executive team gets visibility into both.
The marketing team can have their own set of Critical Numbers, specific to their new lead initiative in the upcoming quarter.

What can I do with Teams Security?
With Teams Security, you will be able to do the following things in Align:

Limit visibility of a Priority to one or more Teams
Limit visibility of a Task to one or more Teams
Limit visibility of a Task to a chosen set of users 
Create a Team-specific One Page Strategic Plan, and make it visible to the whole company 
Create a Team-specific One Page Strategic Plan, and limit visibility to just the Team
Create a Team-specific set of Critical Numbers, and make it visible to the whole company
Create a Team-specific set of Critical Numbers, and limit visibility to just the Team
 

To put Team-level security on a Priority:
Create or edit a Priority
Select “My Teams” from the Visibility dropdown
A “Teams” section will appear. Select the Teams who should be able to view this Priority 
To put Team-level security on a Priority:
Create or edit a Priority
Select “My Teams” from the Visibility dropdown
A “Teams” section will appear. Select the Teams who should be able to view this Priority 
Notes:

Within the “Teams” section, you will only be able to select Teams that the current Priority Owner belongs to.
All admins and non-admin owners can change the security settings of a Priority.
What was previously called “Secure Priorities” (Selecting a group of users who can see the Priority) has been moved to the Priority Security section. Use “Selected Users” instead of “Teams” to limit to certain users. Previously-created Secure Priorities still work as expected.
Team-level or User-level Secure Priorities will not be visible anywhere in Align to users without permission. This includes in Dashboards, Reporting and Huddles.
A Child Priority will initially inherit the security settings of its Parent Priority. From there, a user can choose to limit visibility of a Child further. However, a user can never have access to the Child but not the Parent. Examples:
If the Parent is limited to Team A and Team B, and the Child can be limited just to Team B. 
If the Parent is limited to Team A, the Child can be limited to just Bob Smith (if Bob Smith belongs to Team A)
If the Parent is limited to Team A and Team B, the Child cannot be limited to just Team C.
If the Parent is limited to Team A, the Child cannot be limited to just Jane Doe (if Jane Doe doesn’t belong to Team A)
 

 Tasks
To put Team-level security on a Task:

Create or edit a Task.
Select “My Teams” from the Visibility dropdown.
A “Teams” section will appear. Select the Teams who should be able to view this Task.

To put User-level security on a Task: As part of this feature release, we’re also excited to allow User-level security on Tasks! “Secure Tasks” has been a popular feature request.

Create or edit a Task.
Choose “Selected Users” from the Visibility dropdown.
A “Users” section will appear. Select the Users who should be able to view this Task.

To associate a Task with a Secure Priority: A Task associated with a Priority will always inherit the security settings of the Priority. The security settings of the Task cannot be changed while it’s associated with a Priority. Notes:

Within the “Teams” section, you will only be able to select Teams that the current Task Assignee belongs to.
All admins and non-admin owners can change the security settings of a Task.
Team-level or User-level Secure Tasks will not be visible anywhere in Align to users without permission. This includes in Dashboards, Reporting and Huddles.

One Page Strategic Plan
Teams are now able to create and manage their own One Page Strategic Plans! To create a Team-level OPSP

Click “Manage Teams” on the One Page Plan dropdown. Click “Create” for the Team you want and Confirm. Note: only Admins can create, delete or change security settings on Team Plans.
Team Plans are Public by default (all users in the company can see it). If you are an Admin, you can make it Private (only members of that Team’s Huddle can see it), by checking the box.
View Team Plans from the dropdown.

Critical Numbers
Teams are now able to create and manage their own Critical Numbers! Each Team can create up to five of their own Critical Numbers. To create a Team-level Critical Number Set from the Dashboard

Click “Manage Teams” on the Critical Numbers dropdown.  Note: only Admins can create and manage Team-level plans
On the Team Critical Number Sets page, click “Create” for the correct Teams, then click Confirm. Select your Team’s newly created Critical Numbers Set from the dropdown and add up to 5 new Critical Numbers. 
Team Critical Numbers are Public by default (all users in the company can see it).  If you are an Admin, you can make it Private (only members of that Team’s Huddle can see it),  by checking the box.



#Brief description of what a Team is in Align.
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=282
Within your Align account, a “Team” consists of all members of a Huddle Group. For example, the 12 members of the “Marketing Daily Huddle” would be their own Team and have the ability to create the Team-specific objects. The following sections will describe in more detail how you can use Team Security to better control your work in Align.



###Top Priority Calendar###
#View All My Daily Top Priorities
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=82
The Top Priority Calendar page allows you to view the daily Top Priorities for you and your coworkers over time. If a day is red then the Top Priority is overdue or did not happen. If it is green then the Top Priority was completed. If it is grey or white then either a Top Priority has not been entered yet or it is not yet due.

You may click on any day to create or edit a Top Priority for that day. You can also mark a Top Priority as complete by hovering over the day and clicking the check mark.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Top Priority Calendar.

By default your Top Priority Calendar will be displayed. You can view previous months or search team members by scrolling at the top or typing in their name.



#Search for Another User's Top Priority Calendar
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=83
You have the ability to search the Top Priority Calendar of other users inside your account. View their history to gain a quick red/green view of their progress towards daily Top Priorities.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.Click > Top Priority Calendar.
By default your Top Priority Calendar will be displayed. Locate the Search Team Member field at the top of the page and begin typing the name of the user. 
Select the user to view their Top Priority Calendar.



#Mark a Top Priority as Complete
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=84
The Top Priority Calendar page allows you to view the daily Top Priorities of you and your coworkers over time. If a day is red, then the Top Priority is overdue or did not happen. If it is green, then the Top Priority was completed. If it is grey or white, then either a Top Priority has not been entered yet or it is not yet due. You can mark a Top Priority as complete by hovering over the day and clicking the check mark. You can also mark your current Top Priority as complete from your Dashboard or Daily Huddle.

Log in to Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click > Top Priority Calendar and locate the priority. You can click inside the box in the top right of the day to turn it green.

Your current Top Priority will be displayed on your Dashboard and your Daily Huddle under the Top Priority section. You can check the box next to the top priority in either spot to mark it as complete.



#How Do I Enter my Top Priority for a Day?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=118
There are three ways to enter your daily Top Priorities.

1. Go to your Daily Huddle and in the header click on Next Day or on the date itself to select the date for which you wish to enter your top priority.

2. Go to the Top Priority Calendar and click on the day for which you wish to enter your top priority. 

3. Access the Top Priority Calendar from the Dashboard.



###Top Tasks###
#Top Tasks are specifically included in your Tasks Completed section of the Huddle
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=301
Tasks Completed

If the huddle is a DAILY huddle, “Tasks Completed” displays all incomplete Top Tasks PLUS all completed Tasks where the Due Date is on or after the Meeting Date. 

If the huddle is a WEEKLY or MONTHLY huddle, “Tasks Completed” displays the Top Tasks that have Due Dates in the current week, whether they are completed or not. The Start Date of the current week is the meeting date and the End Date is 6 days later.



###User Profile and Alert Settings###
#Alert Settings
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=243
Do you wish more of your Align work was within your daily workflow? Set up notifications and alerts in Align so you don’t miss a beat with your daily work.

Alerts are sent as emails or slack notifications (if the Slack integration is enabled).

To set up or change the 6 Default Alerts and 2 emails:

Click your User Profile icon in the top right corner
Scroll down to Alert Settings
Click the edit pencil in the right hand side next to "I want to receive these alerts"
Select the alerts you wish to receive
Click Save Profile
Add Personal Alerts:

A personal alert includes the huddle, top priority, and priority components. You can also set a custom alert at a specific time and day.

Navigate to your User Profile icon in the top right corner
Scroll down to Alert Settings then to "Personal Alerts"
Click the + for "Create a New Alert"
Select the alerts you wish to receive and follow the prompts. 
Click Save Profile
Alerts are sent either as email or as Slack alerts if you have the integration set up. 



#Add a Profile Picture
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=342
Adding a profile picture encourages ownership and responsibility for items in the software. 

Click on your initials in the top right then click "Profile" from the menu
Click on your initials above the settings gear and a "Edit User Profile" drawer will open. 
Upload your profile picture and click "Save Profile". 
Remember, this picture will be next to anything you own and is TINY!  So make it simple and clean. 



#Enter your DiSC Score
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=127
DiSC is a personal assessment tool used to improve work productivity, teamwork and communication. The user profile has a special section where each user can enter their DiSC scores into their Aligntoday.com profile, so that each team member can see the personality traits for their team members.

Click your avatar in the upper right corner to get to your personal profile.
Once inside your profile, select Edit Profile. From there you can scroll down to the bottom of the page, where it says DiSC Assessment.
Enter your scores into the associated boxes.
Select Save DiSC Scores.



#How to update your One Page Personal Plan
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=128
The One Page Personal Plan was designed so you can look at your personal life, and dig into 4 key factors – Relationships, Achievements, Rituals and Wealth. Just as you have long-term and short-term goals for your company, it is important to have long-term and short-term goals set for your personal life.

Log into Aligntoday.com with your email and password.
Click your avatar in the upper right corner.
Once inside your profile, select View One Page Personal Plan.
The next screen will pull up your One Page Personal Plan. To enter/edit information, simply click into each text box, and begin typing.



###Viewers###
#Adding Viewers to your Subscription
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=308
Viewers are available for all 10 tier subscriptions and up. There is an additional cost associated with adding Viewers to your subscription. Here is how you can add Viewers to your account. 

Don't have Viewers already? To add Viewers to your subscription, contact your advisor directly or reach out to advisor@aligntoday.com.



#What can Viewers access?
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=309
Viewers have read-only access to certain areas of the platform. Viewers can access the Company Dashboard and all other left-hand navigation features. 

Viewers have visibility into the first three items in the Strategy menu (OPSP, Alignment Checklist and 4D Vision Summary) just as non-Administrators do, as well as the Reports tab. 

Viewers do not have a My Dashboard because you cannot assign or action anything for a Viewer to own and they cannot make any edits or create anything within the platform. Viewers are not automatically included in your monthly eNPS Surveys, however, they can be added as part of the eNPS for full team add-on.



#Adding Viewers to Huddles
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=310
As an Admin or Huddle Owner, you can add a Viewer into a Huddle from the Give Users Access section of the Huddle Settings page. 

Full Users can also be added into a Huddle as a Viewer. In the Give User Access section of the Huddle Settings page, you will click on the Viewer icon to the right of the team member to add them into the Huddle as a Viewer. 

This will give them full access to Huddle and the Huddle Recap email but they will not show up in the Huddle as a participant or have a My Updates section. Viewers in the Huddle will be noted by the Viewers icon next to the Huddle Members on the right-hand side of Huddle. 


*Note: As a Viewer in a Huddle, you will not have the ability to access the Huddle in the Classic Layout.



#Upgrading Viewers to Full Users
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=311
Viewers can be upgraded to Full Users at any point in time. As an Admin, you will want to navigate to the Manage Users page and remove the Viewer from the account.

You will receive prorated credit for removing the Viewer and you can invite them as a User back into the account to have the full set of features and functionality.



###Weekly Performance Insights - Coaching Staff###
https://application.aligntoday.com/Application/Help.aspx?ID=307
This notification is available to all coaches and is a great way to review your client's topline performance.

Turn off or on the email:

When turned on, this email will be sent on Monday mornings, so you can quickly digest goal progress at the start of each week.

To turn on or off the email, login to Align and choose the company. Navigate to the company settings in the Administration tab and turn off or on the checkbox in the Company Insights box. 
The email includes the following sections plus an AI Summary that is in Beta:

Current Status of Company Priorities:
Annual Initiatives for the Current Period:
Company Critical Number Status and Week-Over-Week Changes:
Company Performance Metrics:
To activate this email, go to your Profile and turn it on in the "Alert Settings" section:
Once the email is turned on, you will also get the option to also include an "Individual Performance" section. If turned on, a portion of the email will also include individual breakdowns of performance for each member of your team.





## ClassicHuddleSunset

Classic Huddle View is Being Retired
The Classic Huddle view is being replaced with a new and improved Huddle experience.
What's New in the Updated Huddle?
- Section Mode – Run your meeting by section instead of by person for a more focused discussion.
- Enhanced Member Cards – See member update status at a glance with visual indicators.
- AI-Powered Recaps – Automatically generate and send meeting summaries after your huddle.
- Improved Performance – Faster load times and smoother navigation for large teams.
- Stucks Management – Track what you're stuck on and what you're holding up for others.
What Happens to My Data?
All your huddle data, members, sections, and settings carry over automatically. Nothing is lost when you switch.
How to Switch
Click the "Try Our New Meeting Format" button on the banner to switch to the new Huddle view. This will also set the new format as your default going forward.
The Classic view will be fully removed in a future update. We recommend switching at your earliest convenience.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Issues

Issues are problems, obstacles, ideas, or opportunities that your team wants to discuss and resolve during a Huddle meeting. Capture issues from anywhere in the app, assign them to a Huddle, and prioritize them for discussion. Each issue can be classified as Short-Term (discussed weekly) or Long-Term (discussed quarterly).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## HuddleUseForAIAdvisor

This setting controls whether the AI Advisor can access this huddle's information for users who are not participants of this huddle.
When checked (Public): The AI Advisor can use this huddle's data — including priorities, KPIs, critical numbers, and discussion notes — to provide insights and recommendations to all users in your organization.
When unchecked (Private): Only huddle participants can access this huddle's data through the AI Advisor. Non-participants will not receive insights or recommendations based on this huddle's information.
By default, this option is checked to allow broader visibility across your organization.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## CreateProject

Creating the project is the first step to start tracking your progress and bringing the build-team together to smoothly execute.
Project Name: This name will be used to identify the phases for the roll-up main project, it will also be used to name your weekly huddle.
Kick Off Date: The Kickoff date is the first day of work on the project.  The first day is when you host an initial meeting with the client.  All other tasks will reference this date to determine when they are due.
Roles For Assignment
Design Implementation Manager: This person runs the weekly checkins and owns the majority of the tasks in the system.
Owner Or Owner's-Rep: This person owns a few tasks that help make sure the project is on track.  They are a participant in the weekly checkins.
Architect: This person owns a few tasks and is also a participant in the weekly checkins.
NOTE: Once Created, each area can be manually changed, deleted, or updated.  Use this as a starting point, then adjust for your specific project.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CompanySendWeeklyPerformanceInsightsToCoachingStaff

Work in Progress
The content for this item is being written. It should be updated in the next few days.
Thank you for your patience.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## KPISuggestions

Using the information provided by you about the goals that need to be achieved along with information about your Company, Department, Team and Role, the AI Coach will suggest several Key Performance Indicators that you can track and how they will help you achieve those goals.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CompanyEnableAIFeatures

Our integration with AI enhances your platform's efficiency and personalization while ensuring your data remains secure. We understand that AI isn't for everyone, so you can easily opt-out here via your company settings.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CopyPrioritiesSettings

What do all of these options mean?
Keep current progress
When you copy over your Number Driven Priorities, this checkbox allows you to keep the current value the same.  When this option is unchecked, it will revert back to 0.
Once exception is Number Driven Priorities that have an integrated metric attached.  The metric will continue to update, so the current value will be the same number as the integrated metric.
Keep descriptions and comments
This option copies over the full description and all of the comments in a priority.  When unchecked, only the priority name will be copied over.
Copy related Tasks that are not yet complete
For priorities that are either task driven OR have tasks associated with them, Incomplete tasks linked to priorities from the previous period will be copied to this period.
Please note that these tasks will also remain in the previous period and, for Task-driven priorities, will be part of the success measurement (Target) for both periods.
Keep parent-child relationship
If you choose to copy both the parent and the child, the relationship between them will be preserved.  If you uncheck this option, the priorities will be copied over with no parent-child relationship.
Note: This option only applies if you are copying both the parent and the child priority.
Keep Annual Initiatives
The Annual Initiative

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## PriorityDescription-OKRLanguage

You may find once you start filling in the description of your OKR, you want to change the name…that’s ok!
The description provides clarity for all team members on the significance of the OKR, the methodology for its execution, and clear details of what constitutes success.  Every member of your team will be able to review the description of your priority and understand why it is important for this quarter’s success.
Try this exercise!
1. Write in the words
Why
How
Success
2. Now add in bullet points under each section
Are you able to create a solid plan for how to achieve your end goal?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## PriorityDescription

You may find once you start filling in the description of your priority, you want to change the name…that’s ok!
The description provides clarity for all team members on the significance of the priority, the methodology for its execution, and clear details of what constitutes success.  Every member of your team will be able to review the description of your priority and understand why it is important for this quarter’s success.
Try this exercise!
1. Write in the words
Why
How
Success
2. Now add in bullet points under each section
Are you able to create a solid plan for how to achieve your end goal?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## PriorityConnections

One reason you use a software to track your priorities is because you can connect different areas of your business and easily bring the necessary information to the appropriate conversation.
Priorities can connect to:
A Parent Priority- This forms a cascade! The Parent-Child relationship helps everyone at the company see a visual of the goal impact. As a child priority, your actions affect the parent priority. As the parent priority, you empower the child priorities to accomplish their goals so the full team can see a green number at the end of the period.
Annual Initiatives are your first connection to the bigger picture strategy.  By connecting all related priorities to the appropriate Annual Initiatives ( You can connect more than 1) you can then go to the Annual Initiatives dashboard and view all of the actions that are being taken throughout the year to accomplish this bigger strategic goal.
Tags connect priorities to huddles.  When both a Priority and a Huddle share the same Tag, you can automatically bring the tagged priorities from the current period into the huddle. Use the same tag throughout the year to give your tagged huddle a refresh at the start of each period without any additional setup.
Tasks are action items or milestones that can be connected to priorities as a success measurement or for categorization purposes.  By adding related tasks to a Priority, you give context to tasks that help your team prioritize their work and understand the impact.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## PrioritySuccessMeasurement

At the end of the period, the success measurement is how you know that you have achieved your goal.
The Success Measurement is the last piece of the puzzle to hold the owner accountable.
With 3 choices for how to Measure Success, the owner should ask themselves where they want to be at the end of the period and if they achieve that measurement will the results actually lead to the desired change?
- A Number is the most straightforward approach if you have a clear numerical target such as revenue, win-rate, website visitors. It is the only choice that can be connected to a metric and use an integration for real-time updates.
- A Task is a measurement that should be thought of as milestones.  We recommend adding one task for each week in the period that can be used to keep you on track.
- Rollups allow the owner to rely on the child priorities to determine if the goal will be achieved.  This is best used with complex change that holds multiple cascaded layers of goals.
The owner can also control theColor Status to indicate if they are on track or not throughout the period.  The recommended default is calculated status as it holds you accountable to your success measurement. We recognize that things happen throughout the quarter and have given the owner the ability to move to User Driven to choose the color yourself.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## GoogleSingleSignOn

Overview
The Company Settings feature allows administrators to manage various configurations and rules for their company's domains in Align. This help topic provides an overview of the different aspects of Company Settings, including domain configuration, single sign-on settings, domain verification, re-verification, and Google Account deactivation.
Domain Configuration
Domain configuration settings offer additional customization and control for administrators. They can manage options related to email and password recovery, including enabling or disabling password resets and email changes.
Once a company domain is added to Align, all administrators of that company gain the ability to control email changes, password resets, and Single Sign-On (SSO) requirements for users within that domain. If Single Sign-On is set as required for a domain, all users with email addresses from that domain must sign in to Align using their Google credentials. However, these rules are enforced only if the company has enabled the Google Single Sign-On Feature Flag. If the feature flag is disabled after setting Single Sign-On as required, users can log in using their usernames and passwords or other available login methods.
Single Sign-On Settings
Administrators can choose between optional or required settings for Single Sign-On.
Optional:
Users can choose to log in using their username and password, but they can enable Single Sign-On for themselves on their profile page. Administrators can also enable or disable SSO requirements for individual users.
Required:
All users within the domain must sign in via Google using Single Sign-On, and other login methods are not available.
Domain Verification
To ensure that company administrators can only affect users within their own domain, a domain verification process is required. This process confirms that the company owns and controls the users in a specific domain. Align offers two verification methods: HTML or DNS.
HTML Verification:
Administrators upload an HTML verification file to the domain's website to verify ownership.DNS Verification:
Administrators add a TXT record to the DNS host to verify ownership. Align provides the necessary TXT record information for easy implementation.
Admins can also re-verify their domain ownership periodically to ensure continued control. Detailed steps for verification methods are available in the domain verification drawer within the application.
Please note that a domain can only be claimed by one company at a time, and domain rules apply to all users within that domain, regardless of their company affiliation.
Domain Re-verification
Align automatically performs a daily re-verification check for companies that claim domain ownership. This process validates whether the company still owns the domain after the initial verification. For HTML verification, it checks if the verification file and token still exist. For DNS verification, it confirms the TXT record containing the token is still present. Users are not notified of this background check.
If the re-verification check fails, all company admins receive an email informing them that Align could not verify their domain ownership. They have 60 days to resolve the issue. Failure to address the re-verification within 60 days results in the removal of the company domain from Align, and admins are notified accordingly. To regain control, company admins must complete the verification process again.
Google Account Deactivation
Align periodically checks the status of user accounts that have granted consent for accessing their data and signing in via Google. If the check determines that the user's Google account is deactivated or suspended, the user will be signed out of Align to ensure data security and access control.
If you have any further questions or need assistance with Company Settings, please reach out to our support team.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## PersonMultifactorAuthenticationSetting

Multifactor authentication (MFA) adds a layer of protection to Align’s sign-in process by requiring a second factor to complete the login process. After successfully entering your email and password, you must provide a second factor. The second factor is a Verification Code sent to your email, valid for 15 minutes. After submitting the correct Verification Code, you’re in the app and ready to complete your work.
With Remember Me selected and MFA required, authentication information and an MFA token will be stored on your device and used to log you into Align automatically. This stored token is valid for 15 days after a successful login. When you return using the same device within 15 days, this extends the token another 15 days. Signing out of Align clears the authentication information and MFA token, requiring a new sign-in with your email, password, and verification code.
Require a second factor during login: When you check this,  it indicates that you will need to provide a second factor during the login process. You can only change this setting when your Company or Companies require MFA. If MFA is required, you will not be able to update this setting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CompanyMultifactorAuthenticationSetting

Multifactor authentication provides additional security to your account. When multifactor authentication is required, the Email and Password not enough to complete the login process. After the Email and correct Password are entered, a second factor must be provided. The second factor is a Verification Code that is sent in an email to the User's Email address. The Verification Code is valid for 15 minutes. After the correct Verification Code is provided, the User is logged in.
When the User uses Remember Me on the device, the authentication information will be stored on the device and used to automatically log the User into the application. This is true when multifactor authentication is used. The token that is store is valid for 15 days after a successful login. When the User comes back, the token is extended for another 15 days. Signing out of the application clears the authentication information, including the multifactor authentication token so that the Email, Password and a new Verification Code will need to be entered to access the application.
Multifactor Authentication Settings
- Required: This will require that all Users of the Company will be required to provide a second factor to access the application. This is true when the User is linked to multiple Companies whether or not the other Companies required Multifactor Authentication.
- Optional: When this setting is available, turning this on will allow Users in the Company to turn on multifactor authentication for their User account under their User Profile Settings.
- Not Set: This indicates that the Company has made no determination about Multifactor Authentication. It is neither required nor optional for its Users.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## AddTaskToOKR

Use the Add Task feature to create a list of the all associated tasks/steps needed to achieve this objective or key result (OKR).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ParentOKR

Is this a Key Result of an Objective, a Key Result that contributes to another Key Result or an Objective that is “a subset of” or “contributes to” another Objective? Designate the higher level Objective or Key Result as the “Parent OKR”. This OKR will move under that OKR and become its child.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## companyObjective

Mark the objectives most critical to your company’s success as Company Objectives.
We recommend limiting your company objectives to around 3 each quarter to achieve focus and alignment around your most important goals.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CompanyMetricsEdit-Status

The Status of the Metric determines its availability and behavior in the system. There are three available status values: Active, Inactive and Deprecated. Active is the default status value for a Metric.
Status Value Definitions
- Active: The Metric is available to provide the value to other numbers in the system like Critical Numbers, Priorities and to be used as a KPI. Integrations like Salesforce and HubSpot will poll for updated values on a daily basis and on-demand. This is the default state for a Metric.
- Draft: The Metric has been created but the configuration is not yet complete or it's not ready for use. It highlights that more work is required. When that work is complete, the Status should be changed to Active. Metrics created by the KPI Suggestions feature are created with a Draft Status.
- Inactive: The Metric is no longer used in the system. It will not be available in the Metric selection list for other numbers in the system and not provided to Zapier as an available Metric. Salesforce and HubSpot will not update Inactive Metrics.
- Deprecated: The Metric is on its way to being inactive and no longer used in the system but still needs to receive integration updates. It is a state between Active and Inactive that is used during the transition away from one Metric to another. Generally, a Deprecated Metric should not be connected to provide the value for a Critical Number, Priority, etc.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CompanyMetricsEdit-UniqueIdentifier

The Unique Identifier is used with integrations like Zapier to identify the Metric. This is the value that is used in a Zap to connect to the Metric.
You can choose your own unique string of characters for the value, or you can use the default value which will be generated based on the name of the metric. Just make sure that your value does not include square brackets and spaces ("[ ]" and " ")

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CompanyDashboardEdit

Click the Edit button to customize the Company Dashboard.
You can add, remove and re-order the contents of the Company Dashboard to make the most important information visible to everyone in the Company.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DashboardEdit

Click the Edit button to customize your Dashboard.
You can add, remove and re-order the contents of your Dashboard to give you what you need to get the important things done with ease.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## OKRs

The Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) page tracks all the Objectives and Key Results for your company. They are organized in a hierarchy with the Objectives being on top and Key Results below. If an Objective or Key Result has a + sign at the far left then it has at least one child OKR that can be shown by clicking on the + sign. You can also click Expand All at the top to show all Objectives and Key Results. Collapse all will show only the top-level Objectives.
To add an Objective or Key Result you can either click Add Objective or Key Result in the top right or you can hover over the ellipsis (...) to the right of an OKR and click Add Child OKR in the menu that appears. This second approach has the added benefit of automatically putting the new OKR as a child of the current OKR.
The filter at the top left of the screen allows you to filter for specific users, OKR names, or company objectives.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## TargetValueSource

By default, the value source is set to Target which requires a manual update.
To connect a Metric, change the Value Source to “Metric” and choose an existing Metric or create a new one.
- Use Integrations like Salesforce and Zapier

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## EditKPIDialogText-OKRMethodology

Choose KPIs you would like to see on your dashboard card. You may select your desired KPIs using the (+) icon from any of the 4 KPI types listed below.
KPI - Key Performance Indicators represent the quantifiable measures of activity and performance on a regular basis. All of the OKRs, Critical Numbers and Quarterly Actions are considered as Key performance Indicators.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## KPICard-OKRMethodology

Add any number of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) you want to track to this card. KPIs can be Critical Numbers, Quarterly Actions from the One Page Strategic Plan, or OKRs. You can also edit the current value of the KPIs you own from the card.
KPI - Key Performance Indicators represent the quantifiable measures of activity and performance on a regular basis. All of the OKRs, Critical Numbers and Quarterly Actions are considered as Key performance Indicators.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## KPICard

Add any number of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) you want to track to this card. KPIs can be Critical Numbers, Quarterly Actions from the One Page Strategic Plan, or Priorities. You can also edit the current value of the KPIs you own from the card.
KPI - Key Performance Indicators represent the quantifiable measures of activity and performance on a regular basis. All of the Priorities, Critical Numbers and Quarterly Actions are considered as Key performance Indicators.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## KPIType-OKRMethodology

You may select KPIs from these 4 types: OKRs, Critical Numbers, Quarterly Actions, and KPIs (OKRs and Critical Numbers) you own. You can add any number of KPIs of these types to the card.
KPI - Key Performance Indicators represent the quantifiable measures of activity and performance on a regular basis. All of the OKRs, Critical Numbers and Quarterly Actions are considered as Key performance Indicators.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## KPIType

You may select KPIs from these 4 types: Priorities, Critical Numbers, Quarterly Actions, and KPIs(Priorities and Critical Numbers) you own. You can add any number of KPIs of these types to the card.
KPI - Key Performance Indicators represent the quantifiable measures of activity and performance on a regular basis. All of the Priorities, Critical Numbers and Quarterly Actions are considered as Key performance Indicators.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## KPI-OKRMethodology

Key Performance Indicators represent the quantifiable measures of activity and performance on a regular basis. All of the OKRs, Critical Numbers and Quarterly Actions are considered as Key performance Indicators.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## EditKPIDialogText

Choose KPIs you would like to see on your dashboard card. You may select your desired KPIs using the (+) icon from any of the 4 KPI types listed below.
KPI - Key Performance Indicators represent the quantifiable measures of activity and performance on a regular basis. All of the Priorities, Critical Numbers and Quarterly Actions are considered as Key performance Indicators.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## PrivateNotes

Use this space to take notes for today's Huddle. These will only ever be seen by you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## eNPS-SendSchedule

Use this section to preschedule a custom cadence for automatically sending out the survey. Monthly or quarterly is recommended depending on the size of your organization.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## eNPS-OtherRecipients

As an add-on feature, you can send the eNPS survey to additional recipients that aren’t users in your account, allowing you to get a more complete picture from your whole company. An email list can be added by typing, or by pasting a list from a spreadsheet or other file. Be sure to use individual email addresses and not group addresses that contain multiple recipients, as survey invitations will not be sent to the individuals in that group.
If you don’t currently have access to this add-on and are interested, contact your Align advisor for more information.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## eNPS-MessageDetails

When scheduled, a link to respond to the eNPS survey will be included in an email sent to all recipients you have included. Include an "Email Subject" and "Email Message” below, which will be used in the email invitation. These fields are required.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## PollClose

You may optionally set a date and time to close the survey. When set, responses will not be accepted after that date and time.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## eNPS-Survey-DaysUntilReminder

You may optionally set up to 3 automated reminders. A reminder will be sent after the number of days set. A value of zero (0) means no reminder will be sent.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## eNPS-Survey-DaysUntilClose

You may optionally set the number of days after the eNPS Monthly Survey is sent out that the Survey will close. A value of zero (0) indicates that that the eNPS Survey should stay open until the next monthly eNPS Survey is sent.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## PollReminders

You can set up to 3 reminder dates and times. After the reminder date and time has passed, provided the survey hasn't been closed, invitations will be sent again to everyone that has not yet responded to the survey.
Note that it can take up to 5 minutes after the time specified for the reminders to be sent.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ENPS-Benchmark

The Align eNPS Benchmark is calculated from the latest eNPS Survey results for all Companies that have conducted at least one eNPS Survey in the past year from this Survey's date. For example, assuming this eNPS Survey was sent on February 21 this year, the Benchmark will look for the latest eNPS Surveys that were sent from February 21 last year through February 21 this year.
The eNPS formula begins with the percentage of Promoters within the Total Responses and subtracts the Percentage of Detractors within the Total Responses.
An eNPS value can range from 100, everyone is a Promoter, down to -100, everyone is a Detractor.
The scoring is as follows:
- Promoters: 9, 10
- Passives: 7, 8
- Detractors: 1 through 6
- Total Responses: Promoters + Passives + Detractors
Note: The eNPS Benchmark formula was updated in February 2021. Prior to this, the latest eNPS Survey results for any Company that had conducted at least one eNPS Survey were included in the eNPS Benchmark.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## PriorityValueSource

By default, the value source is set to Priority which requires a manual update.
To connect a Metric, change the Value Source to “Metric” and choose an existing Metric or create a new one.
- Use Integrations like Salesforce and Zapier
- Connect to Metrics already created either for another priority or in a previous period
-
For more information on creating Metrics, integrating them and connecting them to Priorities, see the Metrics FAQ.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## eNPS-QuestionText

This is the title of the question that users will see when they respond to the poll. You can enter your own question by typing it directly into the text box, or by selecting one from the dropdown. Standard questions in the dropdown can be changed after selection by typing in the text box.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## UseAgendaTemplate

If your recurring Huddle has mostly the same agenda each time it meets, you can create the agenda items here. Agenda items in this template will be applied to all future instances of the Huddle. If your agenda changes for a single instance of the Huddle, you can customize it directly in the Huddle for that day.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## HuddleAgenda

A clear agenda leads to more effective meetings. Participants are more likely to come prepared if they know a meeting’s purpose, and a stated agenda will let you judge if the meeting accomplished its goals. (NOTE: there will also be an image of an in-meeting view of the agenda, eventually).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CompanyMetrics

Integrate your priority measurement and create a living list of company metrics.
- Current integrations include Salesforce and Zapier
- Create a single metric that can be used on multiple priorities
- Connect the same metric to different priorities over time - period over period
Want to learn more? Check out the full Metrics FAQ.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## MeetingLink

If your team meets remotely and uses a video conference tool, you can put your meeting link here. A "Join Meeting" button will appear in your Huddle. If the link is to a commonly-used product, we'll include their logo.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## TaggedTeamPriorities

This section includes weekly progress for all Priorities with the Huddle's Tag. It includes all Tagged Priorities, including those owned by people that are not participants in the Huddle.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleTeamCriticalNumbers

Select to include Critical Numbers for this Huddle's Team.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleCompanyCriticalNumbers

Critical Numbers are the 3-5 metrics that matter most to moving your business forward. They are the leading indicators for how your business is progressing against its goals. You can use Critical Numbers to monitor performance against the objectives you outlined at the start of the period.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleAddTag

Add a tag to this Huddle to filter by participants' Priorities with that tag, and to create a section that displays all Priorities that share that tag. A tag can be used to focus a Huddle on a specific topic.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleGeneralInformation

This section is displayed in every Huddle but it cannot be edited in the huddle. Include a short description of the purpose of the Huddle and other information that doesn't change, like a call in number or meeting room location.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleParkingLot

Select to include a section for follow-up notes, Huddle recaps or other general information that will transfer over to future meetings.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddlePriorities

Select to include a team member's progress towards completing Priorities they own.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleTeamCriticalNumbers

Select to include Critical Numbers for this Huddle's Team.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleCompanyCriticalNumbers

Critical Numbers are the 3-5 metrics that matter most to moving your business forward. They are the leading indicators for how your business is progressing against its goals. You can use Critical Numbers to monitor performance against the objectives you outlined at the start of the period.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleAddTag

Add a tag to this Huddle to filter by participants' Priorities with that tag, and to create a section that displays all Priorities that share that tag. A tag can be used to focus a Huddle on a specific topic.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleGeneralInformation

This section is displayed in every Huddle but it cannot be edited in the huddle. Include a short description of the purpose of the Huddle and other information that doesn't change, like a call in number or meeting room location.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## AnnualInitiatives-Wizard

Use this section to plan and list out ambitious, long-term strategic goals that will usually take a whole year to complete.
It's best to derive these initiatives from the even broader strategic goals you created in the "Three To Five Years" section of your Plan. You'll then want to break down these items and make progress against them through the individual Priorities you create in the "Quarterly" section of the Plan.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## companyPriority

Mark the priorities most critical to your company’s success as Company Priorities.
We recommend limiting your company priorities to around 3 each quarter to achieve focus and alignment around your most important objectives.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CustomPricePoint

Your account has custom pricing. Please contact your Align Advisor or Support if you'd like to make changes to your Subscription.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## SwitchingToAnnualWithCredit

This credit reflects the remaining value of your monthly subscription and will be applied towards your new annual subscription. You may have additional credits if you removed users during your current billing cycle. If so, these credits will also be applied towards your purchase.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CurrentAccountCredit

Your account was credited when you removed a user. The credit will be applied to any purchase you make during your current billing period.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ENPS

An Employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS) is a single question rated on a 1 - 10 scale. The question generally asks employees how likely they are to recommend your company as a place to work and provides a feedback box for additional information.
The eNPS survey will be sent to all users in your account. An add-on feature is also available that allows you to send the survey to additional recipients that aren’t users, allowing you to get a more complete picture from your whole company. If you don’t currently have access to this add-on and are interested, contact your Align advisor for more information.
You can preschedule a custom cadence for sending out the survey. Monthly or quarterly is recommended depending on the size of your organization. You can also manually send out a survey whenever and as often as you like.
The scoring is as follows:
- 9 - 10 = Promoter
- 7 - 8 = Passive
- 1 - 6 = Detractor
The final eNPS score is calculated by: % Promoters - % Detractors. The eNPS survey question results are tracked over time and will show the historical trends on the Company Dashboard.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## companySuggestionsAdmin

As an administrator you have the ability to respond to suggestions from the users in your organization. All responses will be anonymous and simply displayed as ‘From Admin’. To respond to these suggestions, click on the note pad which is located to the right of the suggestion.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## companySuggestions

The Suggestions for My Company page allows you to anonymously submit suggestions to either all administrators, or to the designated administrator(s) set by your organization. Any responses to your suggestion will be sent to you via email, and also accessible in the My Feedback section.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## securePriority

Does this priority contain sensitive information? Enable permissions by marking it as a Secure Priority. Then, select which individuals to grant access to.
Company Priorities and Task-driven Priorities cannot be secure. We recommend only using Secure Priorities when necessary, as keeping a priority secure won’t contribute to organizational alignment and transparency.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## AddTask

Use the Add Task feature to create a list of the all associated tasks/steps needed to accomplish this priority.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ParentPriority

Is this priority “a subset of” or does this priority “contribute to” another priority? Designate the higher level priority as the “Parent Priority”. This priority will move under that parent priority and become its child.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## EditPoll

Align Administrators have the ability to send surveys out to their team members within Align. You can ask Yes/No, Multiple Choice, Open Ended, or 1-10 questions. Responses are anonymous.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## KpiDirection

Marking a priority as decreasing will mean that you are trying to create a goal that is less than your starting point. Decreasing priorities require a starting value (KPI Start) and then progress is determined by how far you've progressed towards the KPI Target relative to the KPI Start.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Rollup

Checking Rollup will make this priority's progress determined by its child priorities. The progress will be calculated by taking the average of the percent completion of all their child priorities. For example, if a parent priority has two children, one of which is 7/28 (25%) and one of which is 3/4 (75%) then the parent will be 50% complete.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## HelpTips

When this is checked contextual help will display throughout the site where you can click to get information about a specific section. Help is provided by clicking on an orange question mark next to the item.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddle

Weekly Huddles are a strategic meeting to review progress on your quarterly priorities and tap into the collective brainpower of the team to address one or two main topics. During this meeting, companies should review new information gathered from the week's interactions with co-workers, customers, and competitors.
Best Practices for Weekly Huddles:
- Create a consistent agenda *TIP: You can change the titles of each section in the Huddle Administration tab
- Keep it high-level - tactical updates belong in the daily huddle
- Focus on the priorities
Companies use weekly huddles for team meetings as well as 1:1s.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleNextWeekTasks

This section displays all Top Tasks that will be due in the next week. You can also add a Top Task from here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddlePriorityProgress

Select to include a team member's weekly progress towards completing Priorities they own.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleIndividualPerformanceVisual

This section is to show how a team member is doing at completing their Top Tasks. Each cell represents a week and its color represents how successful the team member was at completing their Top Tasks.
- If all Top Tasks have been completed for a week then the cell will be green
- If some, but not all, Top Tasks have been completed for a week then the cell will be yellow
- If no Top Tasks have been completed for the week then the cell will be red
Clicking on a cell will show the names of all the Top Tasks that are due that week and whether or not they've been completed.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleTeamPerformanceVisual

This section is to show how all meeting participants are doing at completing their Top Tasks. Each cell represents a week and its color represents how successful the team member was at completing their Top Tasks.
- If all Top Tasks have been completed for a week then the cell will be green
- If some, but not all, Top Tasks have been completed for a week then the cell will be yellow
- If no Top Tasks have been completed for the week then the cell will be red
Clicking on a cell will show the names of all the Top Tasks that are due that week and whether or not they've been completed.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleNeedHelp

This section is for items where you need help from your team in order to complete your priorities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleLastWeekTasks

This section displays all the Top Tasks that were due in the previous week.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleGoodNews

This section is for bringing some good news to your team! Let them know about some recent wins and what's been going well.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleWhatsUp

Share information that is relevant to the team about what has happened since the last meeting and what is planned before the next meeting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## WeeklyHuddleParkingLot

Select to include a section for follow-up notes, Huddle recaps or other general information that will transfer over to future meetings.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ProfitX

This metric is valuable because it provides the business with a single KPI you can track maniacally to monitor the progress of the business, a great luxury to have. Though the numerator can be any metric you choose - profit, revenue, gross margin, pilots, routes, etc. - the denominator is fixed and represents your company’s unique approach to scaling the business.
Southwest Airlines offers a good example. Most airlines focus on profit/mile or profit/seat. Focusing on the big expensive hunks of metal it flies around, Southwest instead laser focuses on maximizing profit per plane. That drives the rest of its strategic and tactical decisions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## QuarterlyTargets

Taking the same measurable 'Target Items' that were created in the 1 year column is a best practice most follow. It's possible that you will have one or two different target items so feel free to measure what is important for the given time period (one quarter or 13 weeks). Once you have the Target Items in by type, go ahead and put your projected outcomes for the quarter/13 week period. (Revenue - $10,000,000 / Inventory Turn - 2 times)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Sandbox

Who is your Ideal Client? Most businesses that involve a sales process have too broad a focus for whom they are selling. The concept of the 'sandbox' is to define, in a very specific way, 'who we sell to'. In order to do this, start by defining your ideal client. You may have individuals you do business with today that you feel are ideal. Start by making a list (much like the list you did with core values discovery) of the people. Next, write down all the attributes about that person that makes them your ideal client. You may have more business focused phrases (multi-location operations with 500+ people per location) or you may have more people focused phrases (people who value what we do and give us feedback on the relationship at least monthly). BOTH sides of this coin make up the relationship and both sides should be discussed when defining your sandbox/ideal client. Once you have a big list, combine the parts that are alike until you are able to take the list and create a single 'phrase'. This phrase is what is known as your sandbox (where you will play in your business life).
Components of a sandbox/ideal client: Sandbox - (1) Geographic Region - where are they located (2) Primary Solution - what exactly are they buying (3) Market/Distribution channel/client type - what do they look like (size, revenue, team, square footage, etc.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ProductivityDriver

The productivity driver section is specific to 'process' and the (3) 'process' areas of your specific business that you feel you need to be highly productive in order to achieve success. Start by choosing the (3) areas as these will become the 'headers' for each column. Process areas that are common are (OUR SALES - OUR PRODUCTION - OUR RETENTION - OUR SERVICE - OUR MANUFACTURING) and so on. Think in terms of your own business and define the three MOST important production areas for you to remain focused on. After you have the headers/titles for each of your three Production Areas you'll define the 'productivity drivers' for each one. Begin by answering the question - 'What must we always ensure we do to maintain a high level of productivity in these areas of our business?' Make a big list - you may have as many as 10-15 actions you need to take. Once you feel you have a solid list, narrow it down to just (3) per column. The point here is to focus on those most impactful actions that keep productivity high. You'll find that these are likely leading vs. lagging indicators of success - actions that 'lead' to production rather than a measure of an outcome of production. Add to each column the three actions also known as key performance indicators (KPIs). Add a metric to each once if it can be measured.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## RelationshipDriver

The relationship driver section is specific to the three 'people' areas of your specific business with whom you need to have a high level of positive relationships. Start by choosing the three areas as these will become the 'headers' for each column. People areas that are common are: OUR TEAM - OUR CLIENTS - OUR PARTNERS - OUR VENDORS - OUR COMMUNITY. Think in terms of your own business and define the three MOST important people areas for you to remain focused on. After you have the headers/titles for each of your three ‘people’ areas, you'll define the 'relationship drivers' for each one. Begin by answering the question: “What must we always ensure we do to maintain a highly positive relationship with this group of people?” Make a big list; you may have as many as 10-15 actions you need to take. Once you feel you have a solid list, narrow it down to just three per column. Focus on those most impactful actions that keep relationships high. You'll find that these are likely leading vs. lagging indicators of success - actions that 'lead' to a positive relationship rather than a measure of an outcome of a positive relationship. Add to each column the three actions also known as key performance indicators (KPIs) . Add a metric so each one can be measured.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Theme

Develop your organization's quarterly theme to keep your priorities “alive” and measurable.
Step 1: Review the Top 3-5 priorities for the business – what is the ‘TOP’ priority? Which one do we want to make a ‘COMPANY WIDE MISSION?’ or is there a SUPPORTING THEME that would clearly support of the top priorities of the business?
Step 2: Describe the measurable outcomes for a successful quarter.
Step 3: Brainstorm 5+ theme names. Be creative, odd, and “out of the box”.
Step 4: Evaluate the Theme based on the following criteria: - Is the Theme clearly connected to the Company Priority?
- Does the Theme have context in all employees’ minds?
- Is the Theme memorable, fun and/or inspiring?
- Does the Theme have an emotional connection?
- Will the Theme and its actions achieve the desired outcome?
Step 5: Define your Theme, its name and measurable outcomes. What is your visual image? How are you going to illustrate it? What is the Theme Reward/Celebration?
Step 6: Choose a leader (and team) who will be accountable to develop the roll out.
Step 7: Roll out the Theme in an all company meeting with an intro by the leader.
Example: 16 new team members this quarter - hired, trained and on-boarded. Theme: Sweet 16. Celebration/Reward: Sweet 16 party to recognize those who were hired/trained/on-boarded - beer and cake and stuff = fun!
Check out Verne Harnish's article on Quarterly Themes

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## SWOTThreat

Threats - External
What do you feel are the TOP 3-5 THREATS the company is facing right now, those things that need to be watched closely and mitigated as much as possible. Threats are things that could cause you to dramatically miss your revenue targets or even put you out of business. Once you have these defined you'll use this in review each quarter asking - 'Is there something this next quarter that we should do to 'mitigate' a threat'?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## SWOTWeaknesses

Weaknesses - Internal
What do you feel are the TOP 3-5 WEAKNESSES the company has right now, those things that are slowing down progress, creating issues or just need some attention. Be specific, if you feel SALES is a weakness, think about what is it 'about' sales that is the actual weakness. If you feel LOCATION is a weakness, think about what is it 'about' the location that is the actual weakness. Once you have these defined you'll use this in review each quarter asking - 'Is there something this next quarter that we should do to 'eliminate' or mitigate a weakness?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## SWOTOpportunity

Opportunities - External
What do you feel are the TOP 3-5 OPPORTUNITIES the company has right now, those things that if we took advantage of them we could wildly exceed our stated plan - those things that take time but not too much time - 'we could take advantage of these over the next 24 months'. Once you have these defined you'll use this in review each quarter asking - 'Is there something this next quarter that we should do to 'take advantage of' an opportunity?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## SWOTStrength

Strengths - Internal
What do you feel are the TOP 3-5 STRENGTHS the company has right now, those things that you do better than others and that your clients care about. Be specific, if you feel the TEAM is a strength, think about what is it 'about' the team that is the actual strength. If you feel TECHNOLOGY is a strength, think about what is it 'about' the technology that is the actual strength. Once you have these defined you'll use this in review each quarter to ask - 'Is there something this next quarter that we should do to 'protect' a strength?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Actions

Once you have defined your Core Values , Core Purpose and BHAG, it's time to take 'actions' in your business to ensure that everyone
- knows what they are
- understands what they mean
- lives them every day and in every way.
These should be actionable things that a person or a group can go and do to support the overall values, purpose and BHAG.
Every quarter when you do planning you will want to review these actions and ensure that someone is doing something about them. Some will be simple (like posting the Core Values List in the break-room); some will be harder and take more effort (like creating an annual review process that incorporates our values and purpose). Either way, you should be taking some of these down as they get done and adding new ones to the list each quarter.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## AnnualInitiatives

Use this section to plan and list out ambitious, long-term strategic goals that will usually take a whole year to complete.
It's best to derive these initiatives from the even broader strategic goals you created in the "Three To Five Years" section of your Plan. You'll then want to break down these items and make progress against them through the individual Priorities you create in the "Quarterly" section of the Plan.
Clicking on an existing Initiative card will take you to the Manage Initiatives Dashboard, where you can see a more detailed breakdown of the Priorities that contribute to the Initiatives over time.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## OneYearGoals

Taking the same measurable 'Target Items' that were created in the 3-5 year column is a best practice most follow. It's possible that you will have one or two different target items so feel free to measure what is important for the given time period (one-year). Once you have the Target Items in by type go ahead and put your projected outcomes for the year. (Revenue - $40,000,000 / Inventory Turn - 6 times)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## KeyThrust

The terms 'key thrusts/capabilities' are in this area for a reason. The one-page plan 3-5 year targets are looking far out into the future. Because of this 'future' view, it is difficult to be specific in designing the priorities/goals/actions that we need to execute in order to ensure we reach our targets. However, thinking in terms of Key Thrusts/Capabilities, we can define a short list of items (3-5) that we need to be VERY GOOD at (Capabilities) in order to hit our targets. These can be around hiring, sales, operations or anything you wish. Additionally, we can define a short list of items (3-5) that we need to GO DO (Key Thrusts) in order to hit our targets. These can be around new markets, new products/services, changes in the business or anything you wish. You are looking for the top 3-5 'things' that you will focus on each quarter and align the team around as a vision of where we are going and begin to break these larger items down into smaller more specific actionable items to ensure you reach the longer term, larger outcomes.
Exercise to help discover your Key Thrusts/Capabilities - Once you have the TARGETS defined and agreed upon with your leadership team and you have discussed what 'Key Thrusts and Capabilities' are, ask each person to 'write down' the top 3 things they feel are in this category for the business. Limiting to three things makes them focus on narrowing the list and keeping them engaged. Writing, rather than talking will speed up the process of discovery as well as getting alignment around these ideas. Once everyone has their three written, you can collect them and immediately see where there is agreement. Take the things that you have agreement on and load those into the list. If there are blanks left, repeat this exercise to fill up the 5 boxes.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ThreeYearTargets

This is where you need to be specific on where you want to be in 3-5 years. Targets are the base camp on the way to Everest, which is your BHAG. First, pick a date out into the future - the one-page plan says 3-5 years. To know where to choose, look at your growth rate. A FAST growing (25% year over year) company should pick a date 3 years in the future. A MEDIUM growing company (15% year over year) should pick a date 5 years in the future. HYPER FAST companies (100% year over year) should pick a date 1 year in the future. Most companies choose a December 31st end of year date and a year based on the criteria stated, but you can choose any date of the year you wish. Next, choose the 'ITEMS YOU WANT TO MEASURE AND WATCH'. These are by no means everything you will measure in the business. These should be the most important of all things you are measuring and watching. Typically, things like revenue, gross margin, profit, and number of locations make the list but this is specific to your business. Once you define your DATE and your TARGET ITEMS to measure, you should fill in what outcomes you expect for each Target Item at the Date you have chosen. There are several ways to accurately predict target outcomes: for revenue, take today’s revenue and multiple by growth rate and that will be target revenue. For profitability, take the industry profitability multiple X 3 as percentage & multiply times revenue to get profit target.
Idea - every operating business should be improving their hiring process and training processes to constantly improve team talent. After all, if a business is growing at 25% per year, each person in that business should be growing at least the same rate or the business will pass them (and their skill sets) by. We suggest that you add one target to measure called 'Percent of A Players' and begin to work on your hiring process and training processes to improve your team ratio of A to B to C players.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## BrandPromise

Your brand promise is an extension of your company's positioning. It should define why you matter to your customers and how you differentiate from competitors.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## BHAG

The Goal (or BHAG - Big Hairy Audacious Goal) is your long-shot, long term (10-30 year), stretch goal. If you had all the time and resources you needed, what would you accomplish? This should be an inspiring type of statement that encourages your employees to "think big".
President John F. Kennedy delivered a BHAG, to the nation on Urgent National Needs, on May 25, 1961 before a joint session of Congress. In this speech, JFK stated that the United States should set a goal of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth by the end of the decade. This is arguably one of the most famous BHAG statements - not knowing how this would happen just making the statement that WE WILL do something audacious (not braggadocious) that creates an additional sense of purpose for the long haul and drives us all toward a common visionary outcome.
Jim Collins talks about the importance of the BHAG at the link below:
Jim Collins Video and Audio on the BHAG

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Purpose

What drives you and your team to achieve, even in the hard times when it may not be so simple or easy? "Why" is your company in business? Your core purpose should create a strong sense of identity and continuity throughout the business.
Your company's core purpose:
- is Inspiring to those inside the company
- is as valid 100 years from now as it is today
- helps you think of the potential of your company beyond the "now"
- is a method to help you decide not what to do
- is truly authentic to your company
Some questions to think about:
- Why does our organization’s existence matter?
- What is our most important reason for being here? Why?
- What would be lost if this organization ceased to exist?
- Why are we important to the people we serve?
- Why would anyone dedicate their precious time, energy, and passion to our company? (Tip: the answer is not money.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CoreValue

Core Values are the set of beliefs that should guide your decisions, unite your employees, and define what your business stands for. Most companies have three to five Core Values, but there really is no limit.
If you're struggling to identify your Core Values, start with the following:
- Ask your leadership team to write down two to three people they feel are key players in the business, these people should embody the heart and soul of the business.
- Now write down the story of "why" this person is on the list and the person's characteristics that stand out.
- The common words and phrases are the perfect starting point for the core values discussion.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleTopPriority

Stay focused on the work that matters most. The Top Priority is the one thing you commit to doing today that will move your priorities and goals forward. Writing it in keeps it top of mind, so it doesn't get lost in the day to day shuffle.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleStucks

Create a Stuck when you need help from someone to move forward. Mention your outstanding Stucks in each Daily Huddle until they have been resolved. Recognize people that have helped to resolve your Stucks since the last Huddle.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleKPIs

Update on your priorities based on the current KPI value, which should be an indication of the progress toward completion.
Example:
- NR Booking - X of target
- Project X - X of % complete
- Calls with X - X of time commitment

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleTopTasks

Tasks that you'd like to bring up in your huddle should be marked as Top Tasks by clicking on the star next to the task.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddleWhatsUp

Write in your accomplishments from yesterday and commit to what you will do today. Give updates about relevant meetings, opportunities, travel, news, or accomplishments. This is also a great time to give recognition to coworkers or share positive feedback from clients

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## CriticalNumberDefinition

Critical Numbers are the 3-5 metrics that matter most to moving your business forward. They are the leading indicators for how your business is progressing against its goals. You can use Critical Numbers to monitor performance against the objectives you outlined at the start of the period.
Align Admins can update critical numbers.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## CriticalNumberDisplay

Critical Numbers are the 3-5 metrics that matter most to moving your business forward. They are the leading indicators for how your business is progressing against its goals. You can use Critical Numbers to monitor performance against the objectives you outlined at the start of the period.
Align Admins can update critical numbers.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## AdminKpiListing

The KPI Listing page is where you can manage all KPIs that can be attached to priorities. Seven KPIs come with the system by default, but you are able to modify or delete these as well as adding new KPIs. Each KPI is comprised of a name, a description, and a unit.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## ManageStucks

The Manage Stucks page tracks all stucks that you are associated with. This includes stucks where you are waiting on others as well as stuck where others are waiting on you. It will only show active stucks by default, but if you'd like to resolved stucks you may uncheck the Show Active Stucks checkbox in the header.
For all stucks you will see the stuck description, the person who is either or who you need help from, and when the stuck was created. If you created the stuck you can mark it as resolved by clicking on the pin or by clicking the edit icon. You can also update the description or reassign it by clicking on the edit icon. The user who created the stuck is the only person who can resolve the stuck.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## TopPriorityCalendar

The Top Priority Calendar page allows you to view the daily top priorities of you and your coworkers over time. If a day is red then the top priority is overdue or did not happen. If it is green then the top priority was completed. If it is grey or white then either a top priority has not been entered yet or it is not yet due.
You may click on any day to create or edit a top priority for that day. You can also mark a top priority as complete by hovering over the day and clicking the check mark.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Tasks

The Tasks page allows you to create and manage your tasks. Each task has to have at least a name and a due date. You can also mark a task as a top task, associate it to a priority, or add a note. Tasks that are due today will be yellow and tasks that are overdue will be red.
To add a task, click on the Add Task button in the bottom right corner. Enter the task name, its due date, a priority to attach it to (optional), who owns it, whether or not it's a top task, and any notes you want to include.
To manage your tasks you can do the following things:
- Star/unstar a task as a top task. Top tasks will appear in the Top Task section of your Huddle.
- Check/uncheck a task as complete.
- Add a note to a task.
- Edit a task. You can change the name, due date, notes and associated priority of a task.
- Delete a task.
For more information about Tasks go the the Training section.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DailyHuddle

Daily Huddles allows you and your team to share important updates and identify issues that can become time sucks.
Running effective daily huddles can save everyone from spending unnecessary time with lengthy email updates and interruptions throughout the day.
Get your team in the Huddle Habit with the following tips:
- Write down your update ahead of time and read it word for word. Use full sentences, share expected results and give concrete examples. This works best with the Align mobile app!
- Be specific with your updates. Include names, numbers, dates, and outcomes. This shouldn't sound like a to-do list.
- Be deliberate. Share what are you going to accomplish between now and the next huddle. This keeps everyone accountable.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## QuarterlyPriorities

The Priorities page tracks all priorities for your company. They are organized in a hierarchy with the top level priorities being on top and child priorities underneath. If a priority has a + sign at the far left then it has child priorities that can be shown by clicking on the + sign. You can also click Expand All at the top to show all priorities. Collapse all will show only top level priorities.
To add a priority you can either click Add Priority in the top right or you can hover over the gear to the right of a priority and click the + sign that appears. This second approach has the added benefit of automatically putting the new priority as a child priority of the current priority.
The filter at the top left of the screen allows you to filter for specific users, priority names, or company priorities.
For more information about Priorities, go to the Training section.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## UpdateKPIs

Take a few minutes each day to update your Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Keeping these updated will reflect progress towards your goal.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DashboardTasks

The Tasks section allows you to create and manage your tasks. Each task must have a name and a due date. You can also mark a task as a top task, associate it to a priority, or add a note. Tasks that are due today will be yellow and tasks that are overdue will be red.
To add a task, click on the Add Task button in the bottom right corner. Enter the task name, its due date, a priority (optional), who owns it, whether or not it is a top task, and any notes you want to include.
To manage your tasks you can do the following things:
- Star/unstar a task as a top task. Top tasks will appear in the Top Tasks section of your Huddle(s).
- Check/uncheck a task as complete.
- Add a note to a task.
- Edit a task. This allows you to edit the name, due date, and associated priority of a task.
- Delete a task.
For more information about Tasks, go the the Training section.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DashboardPersonsofInterest

The Persons of Interest (POI) displays the priority progress of people you work with most. These can be direct reports or team members. You can filter select Align reports by the POIs you select.
You'll need to click a name from the results list, and then click the green plus sign to add them to your dashboard.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DashboardQuarterlyPrioritiesOverview

The My Priorities Overview gives an aggregate view of how all your priorities are progressing. You'll see an overall percentage of completion marked as green if on target, yellow if falling behind, and red if behind schedule. Each individual priority is also shown with the color of the bullet (green, yellow, or red) indicating if the priority is on schedule.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## DashboardTopPriority

Your Top Priority is the most important thing you will accomplish each day. Write in your Top Priority as an “I will” statement, and check it off once complete. Your Top Priority will be visible to your whole team in the Daily Huddles and on your Top Priority Calendar.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

